RPG tip: Battle getting stale? Make sure to throw in some visual imagery or story hooks to remind players you're in a story.
RPG tip: Have your players summarize the last session so you know what they remembered and what is important to them.
RPG tip: Ask players about the details and background of their new fancy magic weapons. Put storytelling in their hands!
RPG tip: Don't try to steer players away from their character concepts. Try to change your campaign to fit their ideas.
RPG tip: Lay out city or region maps before your game to remind everyone how far they've come and how far they have to go.
RPG tip: Like Fate Core, award action points when characters put themselves at a disadvantage.
RPG tip: Focus on a number of creatures instead of a big powerful one to avoid getting "save or sucked".
RPG tip: Leave journal notes on your dead bosses to teach the players a little big about the guy they just killed.
RPG tip: Is a scene starting to drag out? Kill an NPC! Blow something up! Open a gateway to hell! Fireball the village! Red dragon attacks!
RPG tip: Think of your larger encounter areas like big zones that resemble the levels in Dishonored with lots of different paths.
RPG tip: Pair your traps together to keep your PCs on their toes.
RPG tip: Always know the most important elements an NPC has to relay to a PC during an interaction. Jot them down in bullets.
RPG tip: Don't be afraid to skip the boring travel parts of an adventure and get right to the meaty bits.
RPG tip: Pair your traps together to keep your PCs on their toes.
RPG tip: Keep a set of rich location areas on hand as your players explore areas you hadn't prepared.
RPG tip: Skip the boring parts. Use cut scenes, montages, or groupings of skill checks to move to the interesting stuff quick.
RPG tip: Write down interesting and usable room, zone, or encounter effects on 3x5 cards so players stay aware of them. Thanks @mikemearls
RPG tip: The Fate Core zone aspect is a great way to think about encounter effects. Helps you focus on what matters.
RPG tip: When running Next, write enemy ACs on a visible 3x5 card so players know if they hit or not. Thanks @jasonmflow!
RPG tip: Write enemy ACs on a visible 3x5 card so players know if they hit or not.  Thanks @jasonmflow!
RPG tip: Judge in favor of the players in descriptive combat. "Can I get around him without provoking?" "Sure!"
RPG tip: Get your players to say "done" at the end of their turn to speed up rounds. This will speed up just about any game with turns.
RPG tip: Add layers of history to the areas your PCs explore. Describe ancient statues lost in the forest.
RPG tip: The secret accounts and ledgers of your villains can make for excellent handouts containing valuable clues. 
RPG tip: Prepare adventure locations that can be used for a variety of situations to keep your game flexible but well prepared.
RPG tip: There's no need to be negative about other game systems in order to be positive about the one you love.
RPG tip: Rewatch some of your favorite old movies to reinforce story seeds, adventure locations, and rich NPCs.
RPG tip: Include an appropriate set of treasure rewards in your lazy DM toolkit.
RPG tip: Even pre-gen characters should have some elements they can customize. Consider how 13th Age handles pregens.
RPG tip: For a more open-ended game, keep your adventure locations abstract from the threats or villains they might find there.
RPG tip: Keep things exciting by describing the actions of your monsters in prose rather than just the math results.
RPG tip: Always prepare a strong beginning for your game. No one likes to see a deer in the headlights.
RPG tip: Looking for a good way to handle a travel scene? Try @hellcowkeith's Travel Montage: 
RPG tip: If you have the means, adding some 3d components to your encounter locations can really get players excited.
RPG tip: Build a clear "Game is starting" line to let your players know your game is beginning and side conversations should cool off.
RPG tip: Regardless of system, four to six players tends to be ideal to give players enough screen-time during your game.
RPG tip: Another universal tip from @13thAge; ask your players what elements of the story they want to see return in the future.
RPG tip: Write down the main points you need to get across in your starting scene for your next game.
RPG tip: Drive new story elements from the actions and interactions of the PCs.
RPG tip: Always consider what fantastic element is taking place.
RPG tip: Steal the idea of the "living dungeon" in @13thAge to make unrealistic PC-hating dungeons interesting.
RPG tip: Build your own campaign worksheet that focuses on the elements of your game most interesting and fun for the group.
RPG tip: Keep the true origin of your mysterious villains a secret - even from yourself! Let the truth come as the story expands:...
RPG tip: Add one environmental element usable by your PCs and NPCs in every battle.
RPG tip: Time to dust off your copy of Ravenloft and schedule your yearly halloween game!
RPG tip: Pay attention to integrating new PCs into the group. It can be clumsy if you don't clear a good path to tie them together.
RPG tip: Don't force a fight over a parlay with a hostile enemy. Let the scene play out from the motivations of PCs and NPCs.
RPG tip: Focus on preparing the stuff that most makes you feel comfortable improvising at the table. What you actually use is secondary.
RPG tip: When you can, try answering questions with questions to give players the agency to build out part of the world.
RPG tip: Always know what makes any particular battle interesting. Figure out what part of the story you can tell.
RPG tip: Try thinking about your settings and locations as their own sort of NPC. What does this dungeon actually WANT?
RPG tip: Exploding mushrooms are a great environmental effect for nasty swamps or damp natural caverns.
RPG tip: The search for lost magic is always a great motivation for PCs, NPCs, and villains. 
RPG tip: Get to a fight in the first hour of your game to keep things interesting.
RPG tip: Come up with improvised interesting terrain effects for the terrain features found on pre-printed maps.
RPG tip: Keep a hand-full of pre-printed maps handy for your next session. Don't feel like you have to use them all.
RPG tip: Use Dungeon Command tiles for quick and flexible terrain setups with lots of little interesting details built in.
RPG tip: Knowing what to reveal and what to keep hidden is a big part of the art of Dungeon Mastering.
RPG tip: Describe individual character scenes while waiting for other players to show up.
RPG tip: In 13th Age, on an icon roll of 6, give a PC a free skill success on a related skill check.
RPG tip: Monster trapped far away? Give it an improvised ranged attack based on the mechanics of its least powerful melee attack.
RPG tip: Try out a Theater of the Mind battle in your next game just to stretch your wings a bit.
RPG tip: Keep Theater of the Mind battles simple, fast, and flavorful. Go out of your way to describe the action.
RPG tip: Keep in mind that a player's investment in their character is often greater than their investment in your story.
RPG tip: If one PC seems to outshine the rest, ensure you design encounters that let others outshine just as much.
RPG tip: It's not enough to write a 3x5 card to prepare for your game, you have to READ the stupid thing DURING the game to get the benefit
RPG tip: Finding creative entrances for the PCs of part-time players is a great time to improve your improvisational techniques.
RPG tip: Keep a list of interesting story bits to drop in throughout your adventure at opportune moments.
RPG tip: Find ways for PCs to use environmental hazards to their advantage. Reward them for doing so.
RPG tip: If the PCs find a way to circumvent a particularly dangerous threat, let them do so and applaud their ingenuity.
RPG tip: Finding the right balance between story and combat can be one of the hardest talents we DMs face.
RPG tip: The 13th Age Living Dungeon is a great way to justify your convoluted contrived dungeon tropes. The dungeon IS an NPC!
RPG tip: What makes your next battle unique among battles? What element of the story will it move forward?
RPG tip: If you're stuck for ideas, go back to the PC's backgrounds and themes and build off of them.
RPG tip: Two-stage battles, with the second enemy or set of enemies coming in near the end, makes for a great epic fight.
RPG tip: Follow the wise words of @rdonoghue and build some of your game off of the PCs' strengths. 
RPG tip: Bad guys who surrender are great vehicles to give PCs useful information. It's commonly used but still great.
RPG tip: Keep a list of character hooks your players care about on hand while pondering your next adventure.
RPG tip: End your mini-campaign with a "what happens two years later?" montage. Let the players drive it.
RPG tip: Listen to the discussion of players to each other to understand what they are really absorbing from your bullshit story.
RPG tip: Published adventures make great guidelines but never feel like you have to run them word for word. Make them your own.
RPG tip: Find out what makes each player love their PC. Use that as a cornerstone for the expanding story.
RPG tip: Everybody poops! Who is your Lord of Sewers? 
RPG tip: A fast and easy way to tie a group to an adventure is to let them, as a group, choose a single faction to already align with.
RPG tip: Flash forwards are a great way to show your group the excitement that's about to come.
RPG tip: If your players come up with a villain they want to hunt, replace the one you had come up with that they don't know about.
RPG tip: Location maps under a plexiglass sheet makes for a great table setting for your D&D game. 
RPG tip: If the party splits up during an investigation scene, make sure to switch between the groups often to keep the players engaged.
RPG tip: Preparing interesting NPCs, their motivations, and interesting adventure locations is always worth while.
RPG tip: Refer back to a nice overland map as the PCs travel throughout the adventure. Give them a sense of place.
RPG tip: Don't be a slave to canon. Your instance of a shared game world is yours to twist and change to keep your game fun.
RPG tip: Sometimes "majority rules" doesn't work for a group's decision. Sometimes it needs to be unanimous if the stakes are high.
RPG tip: Focus your preparation on interesting locations and rich NPCs. Let the story grow naturally at the table.
RPG tip: It's always worth reviewing what people enjoyed and didn't enjoy at your game. Don't take criticism personally.
RPG tip: How did your past year of #dnd go? How do you want your next year to go? Reflect!
RPG tip: Always consider the variables that make scenes interesting: environment, NPCs, evolving circumstances.
RPG tip: Build opportunities for each character to shine. Give them a chance to be the best in a scene.
RPG tip: Steal your favorite adventure locations from any published adventure you can find. Aim for interesting and unique details.
RPG tip: You can always steal NPC ideas from your favorite book, movie, or TV characters.
RPG tip: Steal NPC physical descriptions from one fictional character and the personality from another so players can't guess who it is.
RPG tip: Instead of plotting out your campaign, set the pieces in place, push it forward with a story hook, and see where it goes.
RPG tip: Always remember, the PCs are the real heroes of the game. Not your favorite NPC, not your game world, and not your story.
RPG tip: Random encounters can sometimes lead your game's story into awesome new directions. Don't fear them.
RPG tip: Consider adding Jarasson, Founder of Guilds, into your city for a bit of added NPC variety. 
RPG tip: Railroading isn't always evil. Sometimes your group just wants to watch their PC mechanics work.
RPG tip: Is your group taking some time off? Take the time to consider what they enjoy most and developing interesting adventure locations.
RPG tip: Good video games can be an excellent source of inspiration for your tabletop game.
RPG tip: Always include a clear villain in your game. Moral ambiguity isn't always that much fun.
RPG tip: How are the three pillars of #dnd; exploration, roleplaying, and combat;  incorporated into your game?
RPG tip: Incorporate in-game holidays to match real-world holidays to give some feeling of seasons into your world.
RPG tip: Adventure seeds, fantastic locations, and interesting NPCs are the three cornerstones of a good #dnd adventure.
RPG tip: Not all groups thrive on difficult choices. Don't overload your players with moral quandaries all the time.
RPG tip: Always get to the point with your flavor text or narratives. Know the important elements and get them out fast and back to action.
RPG tip: Take material from any game system. Don't worry about what brand goes with what system, steal from everywhere.
RPG tip: If level 1 and 2 feels too wimpy for your more advanced #dndnext players, don't fret starting at level 3.
RPG tip: When converting or running old modules, look for the seeds that made them unique and fantastic. Cut the boring shit.
RPG tip: Seek every chance to get feedback on your game. Always look for ways to improve it and make it more fun for the group.
RPG tip: Seize the opportunity to let your players grab the story and run. Don't shut them down to tell your own story.
RPG tip: Instead of trying to mold the PCs around your published adventure, mold the adventure around the PCs.
RPG tip: Always favor changing the story to bring the PCs backgrounds into play.
RPG tip: Seek to understand what interests each of your players in your game the most and try to give it to them often.
RPG tip: Be ready to abbreviate sections of your adventure to fit the time you have allowed.
RPG tip: Take a break to figure out how to make an unexpected success interesting: 
RPG tip: Turn unexpected successes into interesting story turns like @mikemearls: 
RPG tip: With any encounter, what bit of information will the PCs learn that moves the story forward?
RPG tip: From @montecook, don't ever feel like you have to fill everything out. Leave blanks. 
RPG tip: Notes between NPCs are a great physical reminder to players of their potential paths, options, villains, and quests.
RPG tip: Not every clue needs to make sense at the time the PCs receive it.
RPG tip: Combining traps is a great way to make every trap unique and deadly. A spiked pit filled with exploding fire pots? Whooyeaahhh!
RPG tip: Reward players with +1 single-use bonuses when they remember NPC names or intricate plot threads.
RPG tip: Don't forget to use your handouts as a way to organize your game's threads. 
RPG tip: Never forget that your primary intent is cultivating a great time with good friends. That, and TPKs...Thanks @theangrydm!
RPG tip: How easy or hard it is for your group to uncover clues is an element of your game worth paying attention to.
RPG tip: Before you put a lot of brain time into a new campaign, ensure it's the kind of campaign your players want to play.
RPG tip: Spend some time inserting treasure into your adventure. It's easily forgotten. Every sword has a name.
RPG tip: Dungeon Command tiles make for quick random encounter maps including interesting terrain features.
RPG tip: It's always worth having a few battle maps ready for the areas your PCs may choose to visit.
RPG tip: Choose a different spell or two to differentiate your spellcaster NPCs. Flavor them to the theme of the NPC.
RPG tip: The random encounter charts in the original DMG work just as well today as they did 35 years ago.
RPG tip: For big events, spend the time to really plan out an interesting encounter. Railroading isn't always bad.
RPG tip: Before you plan your campaign, let your players build PC backstories. Use what they build to generate ideas for the world.
RPG tip: Think less of your game as a story arc and more as a free flowing and ongoing tale.
RPG tip: Give your PCs some piles of mooks to eat through so they can remember what it's like to be powerful
RPG tip: Let your players decide what limits you might incorporate into your game such as a limited set of 13th Age icons.
RPG tip: Conventions are the perfect time to run that new game system you've always wanted to run.
RPG tip: Know where you might cut your material to get your game to end on time.
RPG tip: During your descriptions, don't worry about going from big to small details. Focus in and zoom out.
RPG tip: A pile of one-hit bad guys who still can throw out damage make for a fast and threatening encounter.
RPG tip: Give Story Cubes to your players and have them describe the history of every bad guy they kill. 
RPG tip: If pressed for time, replace monsters with nasty environmental effects like poison gas.
RPG tip: When preparing a new campaign, write a short "five things about this campaign" guide to guide both you and your players.
RPG tip: Don't veto the backgrounds your players come up with, use them to enrich the campaign all of you build together.
RPG tip: When starting a new campaign, pick one particular area and focus on it. Pour in fantastic locations and deep NPCs.
RPG tip: Spend some time coming up with interesting magic items based on the PCs to sprinkle throughout your campaign.
RPG tip: Follow the keen advice of Dungeon World: ask questions and use the answers to build adventures.
RPG tip: Spend time considering what tools you need to aid your ability to improvise during your game.
RPG tip: What's your campaign about? 
RPG tip: Take @robheinsoo's advice and don't sweat the results of the @13thAge icon rolls too much. 
RPG tip: Pay attention to the dead spaces in your game so you know what to prep for your next session.
RPG tip: Have an idea what your key NPCs are going to say when approached. Nothing's worse than uncomfortable PC / NPC silence.
RPG tip: Always have three paths ready to offer in case your group doesn't really know where they want to head next.
RPG tip: Experiment with interesting house rules on the GM side of the table but let your players know what you're up to.
RPG tip: "What do you think?" and "you tell me!" are fine ways to skirt the issue that you don't know what the hell you're talking about.
RPG tip: Sometimes your player aren't looking for open-ended storytelling. Give them some plots and fights to keep them engaged.
RPG tip: Ask your players what they enjoyed and what they would have changed at the end of each game you run.
RPG tip: give your group at least one interesting NPC to roleplay with each game.
RPG tip: Get creative with your set-piece battlespaces. Use Legos, Lincoln Logs, whatever!
RPG tip: Try to add at least one interesting environmental effect to each battle you run that bit PCs and monsters can use.
RPG tip: Describe powerful spellcasters as using magical forms of protection to give them such high hit points.
RPG tip: Give your players 3 + infinite options. They can pick one of three clear paths or choose their own in a new direction.
RPG tip: What is the first cool scene and setting you want to describe at the beginning of your next adventure?
RPG tip: Take some time after your game to review what worked, what didn't, and what areas you wish you had spent more time preparing.
RPG tip: Did your PCs turn 180 degrees away from that awesome dungeon you prepared? Maybe it should move 180 degrees as well!
RPG tip: Separate dungeons and encounter areas from monsters and villains to help you customize encounters based on PC decisions.
RPG tip: Don't force player participation in group storytelling if they don't want to do it. Some folks want to relax and enjoy the ride.
RPG tip: Improving improvisation skills takes practice and time. Be patient and persistent.
RPG tip: Keep three villains in mind and consider how their actions and motivations affect the story.
RPG tip: If you can't remember the PC's names, you likely aren't paying enough attention to them.
RPG tip: Awesome fiction spawns from mashed up ideas. Combine two traps, two characters, two dungeons, or two scenes into one awesome one.
RPG tip: Use skill checks to uncover parts of a puzzle when players have a hard time figuring it out. Fail forward with hard moves.
RPG tip: Split up battles with exploration, puzzles, investigation, and roleplaying to change up the pace of your game.
RPG tip: Keep battles interesting by mixing up monster types or adding an interesting dangerous terrain feature.
RPG tip: Try to start your game with action. What does the world do? What can the PCs do?
RPG tip: Group players together that are working on different parts of a scene so they're not yelling over one another.
RPG tip: Use skill checks or @13thAge icon rolls to give clues to puzzles when people are stuck.
RPG tip: Resist the urge to tell players what they missed or how the story could have gone but didn't based on their actions.
RPG tip: @montecook's Return to the Temple of Elemental Evil has some fantastic maps to hack into your game. 
RPG tip: My most valuable tip: Relax, have fun, and go with what the players give you.
RPG tip: "Theater of the mind" combat works well in simple rooms with a single type of monster.
RPG tip: Use handouts to organize NPCs, locations, and motivations for both you and your players.
RPG tip: Check with each of your players independently face to face to see how they feel about the game and the atmosphere.
RPG tip: If a player's assumption ends up being better than the truth, go with it. The truth is highly malleable in your #dnd game.
RPG tip: Fill your "theater of the mind" battles with flavor and detail. Bulbous otherworldly spiders slick and dripping with black oil.
RPG tip: Always keep track of your time and pacing of your game. Use a stopwatch or alarm to keep track. Thanks @JTGrummell!
RPG tip: Get everyone's attention by starting your adventure with some action. Nothing gets a table's attention like "roll for initiative!"
RPG tip: Trim down exposition and narration. Stick to important details and turn the story back over to the players fast.
RPG tip: You can hide some shoddy story work or poor sandboxing with a beautiful and interesting encounter area. 
RPG tip: Leave open the party's next course of action until the beginning of your next game so there's no way to prep ahead of time.
RPG tip: Assign a table auditor to check on those strange character abilities that just don't seem right.
RPG tip: Keep a few groups of monsters at your PC's power level on hand for improvised encounters.
RPG tip: Immerse yourself in great fiction (books, movies, TV shows) and steal liberally for your game.
RPG tip: Don't be afraid to fix small errors in your story threads. Embrace the fun with an old sage named Lord Retcon who fixes truths.
RPG tip: Think about ways to improvise the goals in battles where slaughter isn't the only choice.
RPG tip: Know when to call for a break during your game, both for yourself and for the group.
RPG tip: What feature makes your town fantastic and memorable?
RPG tip: Take adventure inspiration from interesting tactical maps, miniatures, and artwork you come across.
RPG tip: Don't force the direction of a scene. Progress the scene on the actions of the PCs.
RPG tip: Powerful monsters should mean something. Avoid low level lichs, death knights, and beholders.
RPG tip: Don't eclipse the actions of PCs with the actions of NPCs. The PCs are the heroes of your story, not your favorite NPC.
RPG tip: Releasing a bound beast is a great potential "combat out" for an encounter.
RPG tip: Ask your players to summarize the game to one another and use what they remember to steer its direction.
RPG tip: Use @13thAge Icon rolls of 5 to determine which evil agenda moves forward.
RPG tip: Have players describe the history behind weapons or magic items they find.
RPG tip: If you stick in a large environmental effect into your encounter, make sure PCs have a way to screw with it. Don't just make it so
RPG tip: If you only have one type of monster in a fight, make the fight fast or it will get pretty boring.
RPG tip: Combine two encounters, a clear goal, and some interesting encounter effects into your own Lair Assault style scenario.
RPG tip: A plexiglass sheet over a blank gridded flip mat makes for excellent dry-erase battle map options.
RPG tip: Use a mix of simple narrative combat with more detailed big-set battles.
RPG tip: Put out interesting terrain into your battle space and let players improvise their use. Say yes!
RPG tip: Physical icon tokens in your @13thAge for 5 and 6 rolls gives players the ability to improvise their uses and saves you energy.
RPG tip: Comb through old adventures, find interesting rooms, and skip the boring parts.
RPG tip: Even in an open improvised game, it's important that goals are clear for the PCs.
RPG tip: If you have more than five PCs, you'll likely have to step up the number of monsters even more to make up for PC synergy.
RPG tip: Don't force improvised montages on players. Let them volunteer for it.
RPG tip: Key location questions: Why is it interesting? What is it now? What did it used to be? What makes it fantastic?
RPG tip: Bosses in boss fights almost always need a way to protect themselves from a PC nuclear strike.
RPG tip: Many players don't mind a railroaded story. Some are just happy to enjoy the ride.
RPG tip: There's room for interesting choices even in railroad campaigns. NPC interaction, kill or free villains, battle tactics, etc.
RPG tip: Give players a choice to kill or capture villains on defeat. Dropping to zero hp doesn't have to mean death.
RPG tip: Always consider how NPC's would react to the words or deeds of the PCs. Don't force their reaction.
RPG tip: Don't presume how PCs or players will approach or follow through on a scene. Go with their direction.
RPG tip: Keep a portfolio of interesting, relevant, fantastic, and detailed adventure locations always on hand.
RPG tip: Write and keep an NPC dossier when building NPCs on the fly. It's easy to forget them.
RPG tip: Use each battle as a way to experiment with challenge and difficulty. Make small yet interesting changes to see how they work out.
RPG tip: Not every battle needs to be a balanced challenge. Short and easy battles can reveal a deeper world not built around the PCs.
RPG tip: Give clues into the origins of interesting NPCs to keep your players' guessing. If they guess right, reinforce their victory.
RPG tip: break up exposition and narrative by turning the spotlight back to the PCs often, especially if they're split up.
RPG tip: Experiment with other game systems and steal liberally to make your main game better.
RPG tip: Discovery is a huge draw in our games. What can the PCs discover in your next game?
RPG tip: Keep note of the names and fates of NPCs the PCs let go. Where are they now? What are they doing?
RPG tip: Give players a regular recap of the major factions they face and the major decisions that lay ahead.
RPG tip: When teaching someone new to #dnd, begin with the concept of cooperative storytelling and explain the idea of rolling d20 checks.
RPG tip: Many of the techniques for protecting elite bosses work well in @13thAge as they did in 4th Edition. 
RPG tip: Use poster maps to give you ideas of the dungeons the PCs may explore.
RPG tip: Being distracted players back to the game with a calm "what does your character do?"
RPG tip: New players can easily get lost in lingo and acronyms. Take the time to explain them.
RPG tip: Let new players reference popular examples (Aragorn, Hawkeye, the Hulk) when defining their characters.
RPG tip: Go ahead and let your players know how many hit points a monster has. Save your mysteries for elsewhere.
RPG tip: Take all advice, including these tips, at your peril. Most tips are hypotheses and experiments stated in the declarative.
RPG tip: Keep handy a list of monsters appropriate for the PCs to face based on power level or location. Improvise battles as they fit.
RPG tip: Let the players decide what loot is in a treasure horde. Build their results into the story.
RPG tip: Vampires and their spawn make for great waves of monsters that mix into the PCs in mist form.
RPG tip: You can railroad your encounters and locations but still give PCs lots of opportunities to make meaningful choices.
RPG tip: Don't bother doing much more than an outline beyond your next session. A lot can happen between now and then.
RPG tip: Use story dice and face cards to help you avoid stereotypical storylines. Thanks @wamplify! 
RPG tip: Have a good handle on the appropriate DCs for your potential improvised environmental effects or challenges.
RPG tip: A good evening's adventure has four to six scenes: intro, encounter, exploration, encounter, ending is a solid model.
RPG tip: If you see a pile of narrative coming on, ask yourself what meaningful choices the PCs can make as part of it.
RPG tip: Staged multi-wave battles are a great way to build huge epic fights without wiping out the party with too many monsters.
RPG tip: Start your adventures off with some action! Save the background and story for bits and pieces interleaved within action.
RPG tip: Send emails to your players with narrative you don't want to bother describing at the table. Work off of what they remember.
RPG tip: Mix dungeon tiles, dwarven forge, and dry-erase maps for some really interesting 3d battlescapes.
RPG tip: Hit points represent whatever you and your group want them to represent. Quit worrying about what the pundits say.
RPG tip: You can use @13thAge style distances to speed up your #dnd Next game with "near", "far", and "engaged" distances.
RPG tip: You can use #dnd's "inspiration" mechanic in just about any game that doesn't already have something like this.
RPG tip: #dnd's "inspiration" can be used in ways outside of just gaining advantage. It can be a license to bend the rules or even the...
RPG tip: If you're nervous but curious about narrative combat, try it out on a small battle against a single type of monster in a simple...
RPG tip: Sometimes a boss monster getting killed with a single powerful attack defines the Rule of Cool. Go with it.
RPG tip: Video game soundtracks make for great background #dnd music. Try Assassins Creed 4, Borderlands 2, and Mass Effect 3.
RPG tip: Always seek to add interesting choices into narrative scenes of exploration. How can the PCs make a difference?
RPG tip: Boss monsters should almost always have defending support monsters at their sides.
RPG tip: There are few game aids more useful than a Paizo flip mat and a dry-erase marker. 
RPG tip: When adding a sixth player to a group, you'll likely need more than just an equal amount of additional monsters.
RPG tip: Let players choose NPCs to lead charges in an epic battle. Make sure there's good reason to choose the right NPC for the right...
RPG tip: Think of your adventure as a current situation with variables rather than a series of scenes one after another.
RPG tip: When you have a boss monster, make sure it has minions who can put the threat on those the boss can't attack.
RPG tip: Reskin monsters to create monster-behaving environmental effects like living fire or animated traps.
RPG tip: Take a moment to restate the layout and situation of the scene to aid wandering minds.
RPG tip: Study artwork from other RPGs to fuel your imagination for whatever game you play.
RPG tip: Make it clear when it's OK to split the party up for multiple lines of investigation.
RPG tip: Inattention between GMs and players can self propigate into a viscious cycle. Pay attention to the inattentive player.
RPG tip: Ask yourself why your players might be thinking that you're working against them instead of with them.
RPG tip: The wild magic chart on the new #dnd PHB page 104 makes for an excellent wild magic area effect. @gsllcs was here!
RPG tip: Is your world full of excitement and adventure or does it simply make the lives of the PCs difficult?
RPG tip: If players are gravitating towards PCs who act like obnoxious asses, remind them of the importance of fun over accurate RPing.
RPG tip: If your players struggle for threads of investigation, give them something to grab onto.
RPG tip: Its an easy trick to grab attention by starting your adventure off with a battle.
RPG tip: Use @13thage style Icon rolls to keep track of the long-term motions of allies and villains.
RPG tip: Five players is really the sweet spot for a fun dynamic game. Keep your group between 4 and 6 players.
RPG tip: It's easy to pay attention to the charismatic player. Consciously steer yourself towards the quiet ones.
RPG tip: Plot clues may not be nearly as easy for your players to figure out as you think.
RPG tip: Be prepared to improvise motivations for PCs to move forward. Why do they care?
RPG tip: Running a group to the end of their ropes? Make the story reason's for their fatigue clear.
RPG tip: Avoid repeatedly sending your group against an overpowered foe. Don't make your players feel weak too often.
RPG tip: Build dungeons as actual working environments. If this were a real place, how would it work in daily life?
RPG tip: Looking for some interesting gang members? Use SAMCRO as your models! 
RPG tip: Are players choosing actions well outside of your plans? What has to change to go with their ideas?
RPG tip: Feel free to switch from abstract narrative combat to gridded combat depending on what would be most fun at the moment.
RPG tip: When teaching new players, focus on the core mechanic and dive into the story. The rest will come in time.
RPG tip: Use the Wild Magic table from the player's handbook to make some fun chaos magic area effects.
RPG tip: Feel free to break out of the perspective of the PCs to let them get a glimpse of the villains they face.
RPG tip: Throw a handful of random trinkets from the player's handbook into various loot hoards the PCs come across.
RPG tip: Add your own villain or henchmen to a published adventure so you have one who is all your own.
RPG tip: A good DM plays in other peoples' games and takes notes on what works well and what doesn't.
RPG tip: Throw in one to two additional bad guys for each extra PC above five.
RPG tip: With the extra room in your 5e game, relax and let players spend some time considering their options.
RPG tip: Even in published adventures there is room to add a fantastic element. You can't go wrong with ancient huge statues.
RPG tip: You don't always have to have your players' attention all the time. Sometimes they just want to chill out and check Twitter.
RPG tip: Add some flavor to your random bad guys. What is the name of the mercenary company? What makes them special?
RPG tip: Looking for some great NPC templates for your random mercenary company? Look no further! 
RPG tip: Build out NPC details and implement them on whichever NPC the PC's attention focuses on.
RPG tip: When heading into a location, give players the freedom to plan their course of action. Don't force or promote one particular path.
RPG tip: Be ready to railroad an adventure if your players are becoming decision weary.
RPG tip: Add in details for a few colorful NPCs in any group of random attackers.
RPG tip: Give ambushers with the high ground "advantage" on attacks to make them that much more dangerous.
RPG tip: When adding a new player with a new PC, go with whatever narrative gets them into the group quickly.
RPG tip: When running published adventures, change the gender of NPCs or villains to shake up outdated stereotypes.
RPG tip: Telegraph gameplay styles into in-game choices. Head into the camp for combat, sneak in from the back for infiltration checks.
RPG tip: Carefully balance spotlight time for each PC in interaction and RP scenes just as you do with initiative in combat.
RPG tip: Mix in new monsters if you find PCs facing the same foes over and over again.
RPG tip: Give advantage on skill checks when players have a particularly good idea. Use advantage as a reward for creativity.
RPG tip: It can be hard to give each PC enough attention when you have more than five players.
RPG tip: Be careful not to pick on the one loud and powerful PC in combat all the time. It's easy to do.
RPG tip: Let the dice decide who gets attacked when monsters don't have a super clear target.
RPG tip: Try out different combat styles (narrative, loose, gridded) and ask your group what they think of them. Tune to suit.
RPG tip: Give #dnd PCs options to take short rests in dynamic dungeons. Hidden or defendable rooms for example.
RPG tip: Give weary PCs a "battle surge" that acts as an immediate short rest before boss fights.
RPG tip: Plan the main points or your narrative ahead of time so you don't spend an hour talking bullshit.
RPG tip: Give players the hit that caves and dungeons may be well trapped so they know to watch out.
RPG tip: Give every major magic item a history, origin, and a name to make them unique and special.
RPG tip: Do you know the names of all the PCs in your game? That's more important than almost any other part of the game.
RPG tip: NPC wizards might have to rely on Shield to protect themselves. They're big targets.
RPG tip: Having trouble coming up with interesting loot for your 5e game while we wait for the DMG? Use the 1e DMG's random loot tables!
RPG tip: If you have a lot of players, reveal the defenses of monsters to speed up combat.
RPG tip: Just because an enemy dropped to zero doesn't mean it died. Maybe it's coughing blood saying "Wait! I have useful information!"
RPG tip: How would more vulnerable villains protect themselves from being the lightning rod of attacks?
RPG tip: Take your time to read the spell lists so you can get ideas on spells NPCs and enemies would use.
RPG tip: Re-flavor spells based on the background and theme of the enemies who cast them. "Tiamat's Wrath!" instead of Sacred Flame.
RPG tip: What makes the current location fantastic in the eyes of the PCs? You have a billion dollar effects budget. Use it!
RPG tip: Instead of a random encounter, plan out a fun one-battle side adventure to throw into your game at the right moment.
RPG tip: Not all dungeons need to be giant sprawling complexes. Some might be only two or three rooms with a small story attached.
RPG tip: It's ok to let your PCs steamroll over an encounter. Some of the most memorable battles are one-sided slaughterfests.
RPG tip: Adding PCs above four to your party may decrease the challenge of an encounter more than linearly. Add two beasts per PC.
RPG tip: Review your PCs' goals, backgrounds, motivations, and story hooks before you run your game.
RPG tip: Let your players' interest determine which NPCs become the focus instead of you or your published adventure.
RPG tip: Read and enjoy #dnd fantasy novels and the Monster Manual to come up with interesting adventure ideas.
RPG tip: This is a big one. Make sure to reward inspiration to the quiet people at your table. Don't just give it to loudmouths.
RPG tip: Look at your list of players and ask yourself who needs more spotlight at your game.
RPG tip: Read published adventures until you can see the fantastic locations in your head. If you can see them, so will your players.
RPG tip: Take note of the quiet gamers at your table and give them good attention.
RPG tip: Come up with a loot system that removes any potential bias you might have for one PC over another.
RPG tip: In a linear adventure, ensure the players understand the clear mission that sits in front of them.
RPG tip: Understand the proficiencies of the PCs so you know what challenges and rewards to put in front of them.
RPG tip: Protect boss villains by having them together in pairs.
RPG tip: Put out big poster maps of the game world to remind the players where they fit in the world.
RPG tip: Too many players? Create an "on call" list for those who can substitute in when a regular can't make it.
RPG tip: Get some one-on-one feedback on your game and really listen to what they have to say about it.
RPG tip: Small props can make a big difference in your game. Get some model trees or covered wagons to make a scene pop.
RPG tip: Try your hand at narrative combat with a small battle against a single type of foe in an uncomplicated environment.
RPG tip: A good play group takes careful cultivation. Learn how to bring them in and quit worrying about how it "should" work.
RPG tip: Use the current seasons and holidays as models for the seasons and holidays taking place in your fantasy RPG.
RPG tip: Use @asmor's CR calculator before you rain Bugbears on your level 3 party. 
RPG tip: Give out inspiration to players who write the page numbers of their spells on their spell list sheets.
RPG tip: Pay attention PC factions and potential renown points when running @DnD_AdvLeague games.
RPG tip: Don't forget the importance of quantitative rewards such as experience, levels, gold, loot, and other tangible rewards.
RPG tip: Reading fiction set in your game's world is fun homework for adding depth and details to your game.
RPG tip: Did one or more of your players figure out your secret super early? Don't continue to hide it, make it interesting some other way.
RPG tip: Be ready for your players to say "nah, not interested" if they don't bite on one of your story hooks. What will you do then?
RPG tip: Seasons and weather are great ways to make your adventure feel unique and part of a living world.
RPG tip: Throw in side adventures that focus on one particular PC's background. Let one PC be THE hero once in a while.
RPG tip: Give weapons fun names like "blacksong" and "vengeance" and "sky's end". They're not just +1 weapons.
RPG tip: Old D&D Classic adventures and sourcebooks are a great way to pour yourself into Realmslore. 
RPG tip: What is your fantastic location? What did it used to be?
RPG tip: let PCs upgrade weapons near and dear to their hearts instead of forcing them to switch to a better one.
RPG tip: Want to make that bad boss last a little longer? Make it two partner bosses instead!
RPG tip: Mix limited wishlist rewards with random loot when distributing treasure.
RPG tip: Base in-game weather on current real-world weather to help players sympathize with their PCs.
RPG tip: Give enemies a cool name even if they're only ever seen once. Everyone and everything has an identity.
RPG tip: What is the bare minimum you need to have on hand to run a good game?
RPG tip: Every magic weapon should have a cool name.
RPG tip: Spend time understanding the spells best used by enemy spell casters. Play them smart.
RPG tip: Find opportunities to slide in personal quests for individual PCs.
RPG tip: Mix individually-selected magic items with random items to mix balance with random interest.
RPG tip: Break up stories into specific clues or tweet-sized lore discoverable with PC skill checks and investigation.
RPG tip: Start out by digging right into the middle of the action rather than spewing flavor text for 20 minutes.
RPG tip: Never worry about going outside the bounds of a published adventure. It's YOUR adventure. Feel free to make it your own.
RPG tip: Mix up weapons on humanoid monsters to add some flavor with a touch of mechanics in an otherwise straightforward battle.
RPG tip: What are your villains up to right now?
RPG tip: Dream sequences where Tiamat wipes out your level 5 party may seem like fun but not everyone will appreciate the nuance.
RPG tip: Introduce campaign villains so your PCs can build their own Kill Bill style "Death List 5".
RPG tip: Even if your game is mostly investigation, exploration, and interaction, throw in a battle so the action folks have fun.
RPG tip: Work with great rolls for NPC interaction. Maybe that villain becomes the party's new toady with a well-placed charisma roll.
RPG tip: Take some time to read over the spell lists so you know what options your players have at their disposal.
RPG tip: Semi-intelligent weapons are a great way to give PCs a clue they might otherwise miss. It's the literal clue-stick.
RPG tip: Use unique miniatures for villains and show them continually so players can remember them visually.
RPG tip: Did an unnamed villain escape? What is their name? Where do they go next?
RPG tip: Instead of having a secret cabal of NPC choose the storyline, put the PCs in the cabal itself! Give them political power.
RPG tip: Keep the story clear but don't shy away from interesting complications. Let the PCs insert these complications as they play.
RPG tip: In a published adventure, always feel free to replace a new NPC with an old one that your players know already.
RPG tip: Are assassins hunting down the PCs? What clues are they discovering? How are they hunting them down?
RPG tip: Large enemy organizations have the same communication problems as real ones. Often one side of an org doesn't know of the other.
RPG tip: Running a 5e Mage? Shield, Misty Step, and Counterspell are lifesavers. Consider a quick gulp of a potion of invulnerability.
RPG tip: How does your 1,000 year history actually affect what the PCs are doing at your next game?
RPG tip: Follow the story threads between episodes of a published adventure. What HAS to happen to keep things on track?
RPG tip: Loose wish lists are a good way to know what treasure you might seed into your adventures.
RPG tip: Take inspiration from everywhere. Have a cool mini? Who is the villain it represents?
RPG tip: Use miniatures or face cards to represent major villains and reinforce them with your players. Names alone are hard to remember.
RPG tip: When designing your own mini-systems to drop into your game, make sure they're easy to take back out if they suck.
RPG tip: Test out house rules by trying them in just a couple of scenes or battles rather than an all-or-nothing insertion.
RPG tip: Jot down interesting character hooks that come from the PCs as you play. Review them often.
RPG tip: Rewire quest lines to fit the backgrounds of the PCs for built-in story investment.
RPG tip: Is your published adventure heading to a boring location? Wrap it in your own ideas until you love it.
RPG tip: Give your PCs a stake and vote at bureaucratic council meetings so they aren't jus waiting for orders.
RPG tip: In published adventures replace new NPCs with old ones your PCs already know and love.
RPG tip: When houseruling, ask yourself what you're REALLY trying to accomplish. Do you really need it?
RPG tip: Write adventure summaries between sessions. If they're too long and complicated, that may be an indicator.
RPG tip: Sidequests can be fun but give players indicators that it won't screw up main quests if followed.
RPG tip: Design encounters so each PC has an opportunity to show off what they do best.
RPG tip: Two enemy spellcasters make it much harder to pin down the one big enemy damage dealer.
RPG tip: If players stall in a scene, lay out the decisions and give each one a chance to choose.
RPG tip: When calling for a player vote, check with the minority voters to ensure their game isn't ruined because of the choice.
RPG tip: Give players a chance to "flash back" to a city if they forgot to buy something they wish they had.
RPG tip: Take some time to think about what sorts of magical things (if any) are available in small towns or big cities.
RPG tip: Using a Mage from the 5e Monster Manual? Give it a 16 Con and +27 hit points to make it a bit more survivable.
RPG tip: Another tip for 5e Mages. Shield, Counterspell, and Misty Step are your best defensive spells. Mages also have Mage Armor precast
RPG tip: Build your own "random" encounter lists based on the direction and story of your campaign.
RPG tip: Avoid random encounters that have no connection to the rest of the story.
RPG tip: Use "random" encounters as a way to show players the details of the world and its history.
RPG tip: Leave open lots of options for PCs to navigate through sandboxed mysteries, heists, and investigations.
RPG tip: Always consider how you can incorporate the PCs' backgrounds into your next game session.
RPG tip: Combat shouldn't always be a negotiation or stealth failure state. How can combat be a reward instead of a penalty?
RPG tip: Spending ten minutes to write a summary of your last session forces you to consider the actions of the PCs rather than just story.
RPG tip: Use the rules for "adjudicating area effects" on page 249 of the DMG to handle blasts, bursts, cones, and lines in narrative.
RPG tip: Take your DM screen and lay it flat so you don't build a wall between you and the players. You're all on the same side.
RPG tip: Use hoard treasure rewards pg. DMG page 137 every couple of game sessions to make your life easier and the game more interesting.
RPG tip: You don't have to memorize everything. Know enough of the rules to be confident in moving the game forward. 
RPG tip: What makes your next adventure interesting and exciting? What are the hooks per session and per encounter?
RPG tip: Don't like the battle you're seeing in a published adventure? What battle do you wish was there? Do that.
RPG tip: Is your group a bit more powerful than expected? Max the monster's hit points from their hit dice instead of using the average.
RPG tip: When preparing your next game, start with a review of the PCs, their backgrounds, and motivations. Build off of those.
RPG tip: Roll on tables in the Dungeon Master's Guide to help break out of stereotypes.
RPG tip: Don't like the way a boss battle played out? Maybe they were just a henchman for a silent overseer.
RPG tip: Use two interesting monsters in a battle so the PCs don't just focus fire on a single one and kill it in the first round.
RPG tip: Pay attention to your reference material and DM screen. It's easy to overlook the stuff right in front of you.
RPG tip: Write down the main interesting things you want to get across in your next session. Reference it often during the game.
RPG tip: Switch out NPC and monster weapons to make each one of them unique.
RPG tip: Turn maguffins into relics so those useless objects become things the PCs can use. 
RPG tip: Dealing with overpowered PCs or a strong group? Increase encounter power by tuning around  one extra PC than you actually have.
RPG tip: Use physical clues, skill checks, and NPC narratives to spell out the interesting history of the region.
RPG tip: Set up two or three ways the PCs can find a vital clue or required physical item.
RPG tip: Go with what seems the most fun first and then what makes sense in the scene second.
RPG tip: Prep light: Where does your adventure start? What are the main scenes? What PC-driven seeds or clues exist? Wing the rest.
RPG tip: PCs doing a bunch more damage than you expect? Max monster hit points instead of using the average.
RPG tip: Let your players know that flat DCs for skill checks means they don't have to focus just on high attribute skills.
RPG tip: Some players don't resonate with open sandboxes, make their potential options clear with opportunities for other ideas.
RPG tip: Attunement to only 3 magic items means you can give out a lot of interesting treasure without fear of overpowered PCs.
RPG tip: Write down a list of ten or twenty clues PCs might discover anywhere in an adventure that reinforce the story or the background.
RPG tip: Keep track of the number of battles between short rests. If it's been more than 3, find a way to give them the equivalent.
RPG tip: Are the players trying to find a non-traditional way to deal with a battle? Go with it! Find ways to make it work.
RPG tip: Go big with the descriptions of the battle in narrative combat. Ask players to describe their actions.
RPG tip: Even small battles should have something to draw in the players. What are they fighting for? What's the real pressure?
RPG tip: No cleric in the party? Probably a good time for the PCs to find boxes of healing potions laying around!
RPG tip: More than five PCs? Throw in two monsters per PC above 5.
RPG tip: What ten clues might your PCs learn in your next adventure? 
RPG tip: 5e uses average hit points for monsters. There's no reason you can't raise or lower it depending on the power of your group.
RPG tip: Aerial combat is a great way to shake up a traditional fight now and again.
RPG tip: Speed up combat by ignoring the grid and saying what is "within a move action" or not.
RPG tip: Fill your encounter with objects and "toys" that could be used to improvise actions by either side.
RPG tip: All good magic items have names and interesting descriptions.
RPG tip: Write down a list of the magic items you'd like to give away across your whole campaign. Review it before every adventure.
RPG tip: Describe weapons, armor, or notable physical features as a way to identify one monster from another.
RPG tip: Don't force a battle if your players find a creative way around it. Go with the flow of the story.
RPG tip: Give boss monsters max hit points and a couple of 18 attributes to make them a little harder than the standard beastie.
RPG tip: Large enemy organizations have the same communication problems and internal politics. That's fun for PCs to navigate.
RPG tip: Drop a few Fate-like "aspects" into your combat encounter that your PCs can "invoke" to make a battle more dynamic.
RPG tip: Round dice pools bigger than six by removing a pair of dice and adding 1 + the max value of the die for each pair removed.
RPG tip: Running Hoard of the Dragon Queen and Rise of Tiamat? It's worth printing a poster of the Sword Coast map. 
RPG tip: Did your PCs just raid a Red Wizard's library? Write "Red Wizard Books and Scrolls" on a 3x5 card and let them learn from it later
RPG tip: Don't be afraid to let PCs negotiate their way out of a fight even if it wasn't what you planned.
RPG tip: Discuss the moral boundaries of the PCs early in your campaign to keep your players happy together at the table.
RPG tip: Use miniatures to represent key villains in a campaign. Bring them out regularly to remind the players who they're up against.
RPG tip: Use Fate-style "Aspects" to define interesting components in your encounter. Let players improvise how they work.
RPG tip: Initiative can have a huge effect on combat. What will you do if all the monsters go first? What if they all go last?
RPG tip: Speed up combat by skipping initiative, letting all the players go first around the table, and adding a few extra monsters.
RPG tip: Be careful having boss monsters flee from a fight. Players may rarely consider this a victory.
RPG tip: Don't try to prevent PCs from finding a creative way to circumvent a major enemy. Sometimes banishing a major demon is great fun.
RPG tip: Ask players "what did you enjoy most about today's game" to get good, positive, and useful feedback.
RPG tip: 5e rule of thumb for building combat encounters: have one monster per PC with a CR of 1/3 the value of the PC's level.
RPG tip: Pay attention to loot rewards. Mix random loot with hand-picked items to give PCs both useful and interesting things.
RPG tip: Where does your game start? What are three interesting potential scenes or locations? That's about all you need to run a game.
RPG tip: Take the time to remember the names of each of the PCs. It's the first step in making the game about them.
RPG tip: Reinforce the need to build well-rounded PCs that have something they can do in interaction, exploration, and combat.
RPG tip: a single NPC mage in a fight is likely to have spells countered continually. Add a second mage.
RPG tip: Don't get mad when your big boss gets disrupted. Limiting the effectiveness of bosses is fun too.
RPG tip: Give your players a large view of the location and let them decide how they'll get inside.
RPG tip: "What did you enjoy most about the game?" is a good positive way to get feedback about what people enjoy.
RPG tip: Encounters shouldn't all be well balanced but ensure players get the clue when it isn't.
RPG tip: Always look for ways to offer inspiration for players' creative and story-building ideas.
RPG tip: Don't force the PCs to go into that crazy encounter you designed if they aren't headed there already.
RPG tip: Ask your players what they enjoyed most about the game. Write down their answers.
RPG tip: The less time you spend designing boss monsters the less you'll give a shit when they're killed too easily.
RPG tip: Mages won't cast magic missile on other mages unless they're too stupid to know better.
RPG tip: Have the freedom to add silly elements into the game like an orc walking into a room in a ruffled apron that says "kiss the chef".
RPG tip: Did your monsters get the drop on the PCs or vice versa? Switch to side-initiative and save a bunch of time.
RPG tip: Outline your campaign's big beats but don't fill in the details until the PCs are about to get directly involved.
RPG tip: What makes your next fantasy location interesting and fantastic?
RPG tip: Don't force the story to ensure a villain gets away but play villains smart. Let the players see how smart they are.
RPG tip: 250 word flash fiction in email is a great way to give players a glimpse of the movements of villains and off-camera NPCs.
RPG tip: Intelligent magic items are the NPCs that keep on giving. Great for giving clues to the PCs when needed most.
RPG tip: It's quite interesting when the alignment of intelligent magic items and the PCs who wield them don't quite match.
RPG tip: Use randomly selected targets to ensure you aren't biasing attacks or giving the perception that you are.
RPG tip: When you come up with a random name for a random NPC. Write it down. You'll never know when you meet them again.
RPG tip: Just like combat initiative, ensure every player gets a chance to do something interesting in a roleplay scene.
RPG tip: Start your game preparation by reviewing the PCs and their hooks. Can you build your next adventure off of that?
RPG tip: Use pictures from the internet to define key NPCs your players will see more than once.
RPG tip: Don't punish PCs for splitting up in a town. If they're going to get in a fight, find a way for the groups to get back together.
RPG tip: If the PCs split up in an investigation or roleplay scene, ensure each group gets the right amount of screentime.
RPG tip: When rolling for random weapons and armor, define the type to make sure it's useful for PCs in need.
RPG tip: Send out an email RIGHT NOW to learn the birthdays of your players (and DMs!) and celebrate with a game focused on their PC.
RPG tip: Sometimes players are happy to have a clear direction and a set of focused and well-designed encounters.
RPG tip: Write out a random encounter list for each level range and location type your PCs are likely to visit.
RPG tip: If your PCs are having an easy time with "hard" fights. Treat them as though they have one extra PC for a big difficulty boost.
RPG tip: Whenever you're lost thinking of a direction for your story, look back at the PC backgrounds and work from there.
RPG tip: Have a good gauge of what your group enjoys and what they find too disturbing. Make the game comfortable for everyone.
RPG tip: Each encounter or scene should have a seed or series of clues to help the players see the bigger picture.
RPG tip: Don't bring monsters out one at a time or they're likely to all get nuked one round after the next.
RPG tip: Use artwork you find on the web to show your players people, places, and things. Save the ones that matter.
RPG tip: Use physical coins (like @campaigncoins!) to represent Inspiration, Icon Rolls, or Fate Points in your RPGs.
RPG tip: Mix in two types of monsters in a battle to make it more interesting and increase the choices players have to make.
RPG tip: Don't be afraid to give a monster a special attack that represents its unique place in the world or the story.
RPG tip: Think of each encounter as a puzzle. What do the PCs need to do to succeed? It shouldn't always be "kill the monsters".
RPG tip: In 5e, you can use a monsters with CR significantly higher than the PCs above level 5 or so as long as there is only one of them.
RPG tip: Want some large-scale environmental damage? Use 1d10 per level / 4 and give them a Con save to avoid or half it.
RPG tip: Mix pre-planned treasure designed for the PCs with a good pile of randomly generated treasure for fun weird stuff.
RPG tip: If the PCs haven't gotten any loot in a while, give them a roll or two on one of the higher-end loot charts.
RPG tip: For interesting environmental effects, tie concentration spells to destructable objects and place them in a villain's lair.
RPG tip: Instead of planning out roleplay encouhters, create three NPCs with motivations and backgrounds and improvise it.
RPG tip: At higher levels in 5e, you can challenge tough PCs with monsters with a CR higher than the average PC level.
RPG tip: Give bosses a way to reroute debilitating "save or suck" effects to their minions.
RPG tip: Intelligent weapons are fantastic quest NPCs for side trecks. Give PCs quests to upgrade their intelligent weapons.
RPG tip: When you split the party, ensure you take care to give each group their share of screen time.
RPG tip: Don't let NPC's overshadow player characters. Any powerful NPC should be severely limited in a way that PCs can offset.
RPG tip: Use random charts to avoid cliche grooves we often fall into when forced to improvise stories.
RPG tip: Use multiple spellcasters in a fight to keep a single caster from being destroyed too quickly.
RPG tip: Customize monsters by changing weapon types. The gnoll with the two hand-axes and the gnoll with the glaive.
RPG tip: Use short flash fiction in email to give players a view behind the scenes only involving the PCs.
RPG tip: Let humor come spontanously at the table. Don't try to push it away or attempt to plan for it ahead of time.
RPG tip: What evocative scene will you open with at the start of your next session?
RPG tip: Even the biggest and baddest dragon is likely to have an ally or two in a fight.
RPG tip: Drawing from a spell card deck is a good way to determine a random spell on a scroll. 
RPG tip: Villains aren't static. They don't sit on their thrones or in their chambers waiting for the PCs. What are THEY doing?
RPG tip: Don't box your PCs into a corner. Success should lead down one interesting road and failure leads down another interesting road.
RPG tip: What secrets and clues might your PCs uncover in your next adventure? Sprinkle them in wherever they fit. 
RPG tip: What opportunities exist in your next game for interesting NPC interaction and fantastic exploration? What will they uncover?
RPG tip: Always keep an eye on your players. Are they bored? Frustrated? Disengaged? Draw them back into the game with something they enjoy
RPG tip: In scenes of heavy narration or exposition, give your players plenty of meaningful choices to make.
RPG tip: Write down the names of NPCs who start to resonate with your players. They're likely to come back.
RPG tip: Take careful note of the attention you're paying to each player. Don't let any of them get lost in the crowd.
RPG tip: Sometimes annoying NPCs can be the most fun for you and your players.
RPG tip: Give flat bonus magic items interesting backgrounds, appearances, and traits. Give them a lot of fun flavor.
RPG tip: Show your PCs the value of their gold. If they invest in a stronghold, show them what got upgraded for their cash.
RPG tip: Is your villain or NPC unsure how to act? Maybe they ask the PCs for advice!
RPG tip: If you find yourself saying "no" a lot when it comes to approaching a situation, maybe you want to make it more open.
RPG tip: Give PCs good opportunities to use their crazy powerful abilities. Don't just short circuit them.
RPG tip: Find opportunities to bring back older NPCs and villains. Don't make your players remember all new people when old ones will do.
RPG tip: Always find an interesting event going on in town. Town's anniversary? Birthday party for a hero? The pigs got loose?
RPG tip: What PC hook ties in to the next adventure you're about to run?
RPG tip: Does one PC have a significantly high skill check? Let their obnoxiously high results tell something even more interesting.
RPG tip: Dig into the Monster Manual monster descriptions for some great adventure seed ideas.
RPG tip: Princes of the Apocalypse is packed with great NPC monster stat blocks. Reskin to suit your own adventure. 
RPG tip: Be wary of using monsters of a challenge rating higher than the PCs' level. Add more monsters, not bigger ones.
RPG tip: In narrative combat, give players a choice of 1d6 enemies in a burst if they don't target their friends or 2d6 if they do!
RPG tip: Give PCs interesting quests to upgrade their magic items with added artifact-style properties.
RPG tip: Use monster groups and themes to give an adventure an overall consistent flavor.
RPG tip: Take some time ahead of time to learn the spells your monsters are likely to use. Write down page numbers.
RPG tip: Build swarms of ghouls and zombies by re-skinning higher CR monster stat blocks and using swarm traits.
RPG tip: Be careful of falling into the trap of spilling too much narrative when you don't know what to do with the table. Ask for a break.
RPG tip: Running Rise of Tiamat? How about sending high-level PCs to the Mausoleum of Ebondeath! 
RPG tip: Bring back old NPCs in longer campaigns to reward the players who paid attention early on.
RPG tip: Build interesting fixtures into a combat area that evoke the details and history of a location.
RPG tip: Use emailed flash fiction to give players a sense of the larger picture in their campaign.
RPG tip: Because most magic items in 5e have flat math, don't fret giving too many out as long as they aren't all +3 weapons and armor.
RPG tip: Be fans of the PCs first and foremost (thank you Dungeon World!)
RPG tip: Know the capabilities of the PCs, not just to thwart them but to give them the chance to show off.
RPG tip: Mix monster types so they won't all suck at the same thing. Do all your monsters have the same key attributes? Mix it up.
RPG tip: Are some of your monsters likely to get screwed by a "save or suck" spell? Consider adding a couple more.
RPG tip: Give your boss monsters legendary resistance and telegraph it to the players so they don't burn out spells finding out.
RPG tip: Plan loot ahead of time and give your monsters a chance to show them off in a battle.
RPG tip: Need to spice up a boring hallway? Try a random two-effect trap to make things exciting! 
RPG tip: Legendary encounter design is a careful balance of challenge and PC empowerment. You must include both.
RPG tip: Not every battle needs to be a well-designed masterpiece. A quick skirmish is fine if it adds to the story.
RPG tip: With legendary monsters, it's easy to forget your lair actions and legendary actions. Give yourself physical tokens to remember.
RPG tip: Don't be afraid to increase a legendary monster's hit points by 25% for each additional PC above 4. Max HP is fine too.
RPG tip: Give legendary creatures an extra action for fun things like magic item use or interesting spells.
RPG tip: Expect players to pour everything they have onto your legendary monster. Max HPs or rerouting damage can help mitigate.
RPG tip: Temporary monsters who come and go can spice up a legendary encounter.
RPG tip: Consider using a hit point pool when you have more than eight monsters of the same type in a battle.
RPG tip: What five fantastic locations will you stage your adventures in during your next game? What makes them fantastic?
RPG tip: Use a random NPC generator to make every humanoid enemy unique and interesting. 
RPG tip: 5e Beholders fight well outside their weight class, especially when they make the most out of flying and the antimagic eye.
RPG tip: What three interesting things do you want to ensure you describe to the players when they enter the location for a scene?
RPG tip: Try rolling in the open to force yourself to adapt to unexpected dice rolls.
RPG tip: Start each adventure prep session by going over the backgrounds and motivations of the PCs.
RPG tip: Give the 5e vampire an extra melee attack, double it's damage dice, and make charm break if the PC takes 10 damage from any source
RPG tip: Is an encounter going to start with something other than a straight fight? Jot down some notes on the start of it.
RPG tip: Never miss an opportunity to foreshadow an interesting enemy.
RPG tip: Name every villain by using the Sly Flourish random name generator! 
RPG tip: Looking to fill in a hallway with something interesting? Try a two-part random trap. 
RPG tip: Build your villainous lair in a way that makes sense from the point of view of the villain.
RPG tip: An ancient forgotten temple to Shar under Waterdeep makes for a great assassin's guild hall for the Night Masks.
RPG tip: Want to beef up that NPC mage? Start it off with mage armor, mirror image, and greater invisibility.
RPG tip: Don't give a PC a secret unless you're prepared for the player to not share it.
RPG tip: You can almost never go wrong starting your game off with a battle.
RPG tip: Take some time to prep magic item rewards before the game. Give them to the enemies to use against the PCs.
RPG tip: Interesting details in narrative are great, but always try to give players an opportunity to act and make a choice.
RPG tip: It is perfectly acceptable for the masked lords of Waterdeep to leave the fate of the city to the choices of the PCs.
RPG tip: Give players the option to get involved in political struggles or not. Don't force them to make a choice if they don't care.
RPG tip: Run NPC vs. NPC battles as background scenery or quick single d20 rolls. Don't play them out like regular combat.
RPG tip: Allow for unexpected outcomes in combat. Don't force "all victory" or "all defeat" as the only options.
RPG tip: Waves of enemies can be cool but there should be a limit to them. Mercenaries are expensive.
RPG tip: Avoid battles with more than twelve enemies. Use swarms instead. 
RPG tip: Use a shared hit point pool like 13th Age's mooks when running lots of creatures.
RPG tip: Even if you end a battle early, do it behind thes screen. Don't kill the victory by stating "I'm going to call it here".
RPG tip: Use the opportunity to create really fantastic environments when running "theater of the mind" narrative combat.
RPG tip: If the pace of the game starts to slow, move the story forward quickly. Don't force a battle to the end.
RPG tip: Always include areas in your narrative to give the PCs choices and let them take actions.
RPG tip: Don't give a job to an NPC that can be given to a PC instead.
RPG tip: Don't put a single monster up against a party unless you want it to die a swift and anticlimactic death.
RPG tip: Prepare for PCs to target the odd person out in a fight. That single mage is tasty!
RPG tip: Give each NPC an interesting physical trait, unique weapons, or other mannerisms even if they share the same stat block.
RPG tip: Change up weapons and their respective die-types to easily customize NPC enemies.
RPG tip: Take a break in your game every 90 minutes to two hours so everyone comes back recharged and ready to play.
RPG tip: A well balanced #dnd 5e battle takes about 45 minutes. Manage your time accordingly.
RPG tip: If a scene seems to start dragging, move on! You are in full control of the pace of the game.
RPG tip: End dragging battles early by reducing remaining hit points to 1, lowering DCs, or having enemies explode.
RPG tip: Be like @SFVDnDAL and stand when you run your games. It keeps everyone's energy up, including your own.
RPG tip: Use your experiences in the games you play in, both positive and negative, to learn how to be a better DM yourself.
RPG tip: Mix in some detailed set-piece battles into your game along with narrative combat for big climactic fights.
RPG tip: The dry-erase flip-mat is useful for just about any RPG. It's a big white board you can set down in front of all the players.
RPG tip: Give unique characteristics to each monster so people can say "I hit the one with the tattoo of an octopus on his face".
RPG tip: Spend the time to pick out interesting treasure before the game begins.
RPG tip: As long as they don't abuse it, adjudicate in favor of a PC's awesome actions rather than saying "no".
RPG tip: The Doomvault from Dead in Thay makes for an awesome drop-in megadungeon. 
RPG tip: Did a PC kill a legendary foe? Perhaps their weapon absorbed part of the foe and became something new and powerful!
RPG tip: Many villains, deep down, think they are doing good. What good does your villain think they're doing?
RPG tip: Need some good random D&D 5e tables? Check out the Donjon! 
RPG tip: Know the motivations of your enemies and, if appropriate, their motivations to flip sides and work for the PCs.
RPG tip: Let combat flow into the rest of the story if your enemies get caught in save-or-suck effects. Don't just negate it.
RPG tip: Reward PCs with the plans and components to build interesting magical weapons or armor.
RPG tip: Never expect a single monster to last very long. Give bosses powerful bodyguards.
RPG tip: Use narrative combat to keep the story smooth from scene to scene, blending into exploration and NPC interaction
RPG tip: How many targets should an area hit in narrative combat? Somewhere between 2 and 4 depending on the circumstances.
RPG tip: What five clues might your PCs learn in your next game?
RPG tip: Take the time to read the full Dungeon Master's Guide. There are tons of great ideas you might otherwise miss.
RPG tip: Consider carefully whether you should fudge rolls to fuel a fantastic story or let the dice fall where they will and steal thunder
RPG tip: Balance the seeds for exploration, roleplaying, and combat in each adventure you prepare.
RPG tip: If you feel unprepared for your next game but dive in anyway, you might well be on the path of the Lazy Dungeon Master.
RPG tip: Prepare to give PCs the revenge they deserve against a hated foe. Maybe they live after 0 hp and the PC gets to choose their fate.
RPG tip: Solutions often come at a cost. What will the PCs give up to un-petrify the victim of a medusa?
RPG tip: Leave enough blanks in your adventure for players to fill with interesting comments, motivations, or backgrounds.
RPG tip: Use interesting props, dungeon tiles, or 3d terrain to build Chris Perkins style battle arenas once in a while.
RPG tip: If you build an interesting battle area, start the PCs there but give them freedom to use it how they will.
RPG tip: Roll randomly for interesting loot and improvise its origin and background story. Where did that +3 battle-axe come from?
RPG tip: Draw your players into the story by asking them about the interesting physical characteristics of the enemies they fight.
RPG tip: Are your players considering bailing out on their current quest? Let them. Don't force them to stay the course.
RPG tip: Don't know a detail about an NPC or location? Ask your players to fill it in for you!
RPG tip: Looking to draw out fantasy maps? Check out this site for some great tutorials! 
RPG tip: Build stories off of interesting random results from things like magic item tables or weird dungeon rooms.
RPG tip: Ask players what the name of their new magic item is. Let them come up with silly ones until a good one comes out.
RPG tip: Attacking the PCs with a big pile of low-level monsters? Pool their hit points into a big pool 13th Age style.
RPG tip: Build environments with lots of variables instead of scenes with clear paths and solutions.
RPG tip: For some variety, give magic items a once-per-day casting of a spell relevant to the item's origin.
RPG tip: In every dungeon there are always three hidden levels for each level discovered.
RPG tip: Roll for magic items when you prepare for your game so you know what weapons your villains possess.
RPG tip: Don't be afraid to throw a side adventure into your long campaign. Not everything needs to be tied to the big plot.
RPG tip: There is tons of room in #dnd to ask the players world-building questions and use the results in your game. Keep an open mind.
RPG tip: Stick to a single big boss fight in single session. Don't try to pack in more than one or it just overwhelms everyone.
RPG tip: Every so often it's fun to build out a @ChrisPerkinsDnD style Acq. Inc. big set piece arrangement. Build UP!
RPG tip: Try breaking your reliance on gridded combat with an off-the wall battle that simply can't be mapped out in 5 foot squares.
RPG tip: Differences in height can make battles really interesting. Flying foes, high ledges, massive waterfalls.
RPG tip: Revel and celebrate when PCs instantly kill or incapacitate a powerful foe. "You feebleminded the wizard! Awesome!"
RPG tip: PCs needing to spend their money? Maybe a shady dealer has access to 5 random magic uncommon magic items!
RPG tip: Want to make Out of the Abyss a little easier in the beginning? Start PCs at level 3 instead of level 1.
RPG tip: Need some good random D&D 5e tables? Check out the Donjon! 
RPG tip: Take the time to read over a monster stat block in full before you start running it at the table. Some things are easy to miss.
RPG tip: What fantastic feature exists in each of your scene locations?
RPG tip: Exotic tattoos, weapons, and armor are great ways to tie NPCs to the story or seed all new ones!
RPG tip: Good scenes focus on exploration, interaction, or combat. Great scenes include all three!
RPG tip: Pay attention to expensive spell components. Some spells aren't as easily cast as others.
RPG tip: A small random assortment of expensive magic items from a shady dealer is a good way to shed PCs from their barrels of gold.
RPG tip: Let PCs get decide if they want to get involved in far-reaching decisions of politics and war.
RPG tip: Don't try to negate the PC's awesomely powerful defense. Revel in their power and find a new way to threaten them.
RPG tip: Keep a to-do list of things you really want to insert into your campaign at some point. Review each time you prep your session.
RPG tip: Take the time to write a 3x5 card for each scene's location with its most interesting and fantastic feature.
RPG tip: Use war as a huge backdrop for the story with the actions of the PCs steering the larger course.
RPG tip: Tie powerful concentration spells to physical objects for an interesting twist in a battle.
RPG tip: Even for combat-heavy sessions, try to put in interesting facts or secrets that the PCs can learn.
RPG tip: Even legendary monsters likely have a couple of minions around to cause problems for unattended PCs.
RPG tip: A great battle provides a difficult challenge that leads to a monumental victory.
RPG tip: Party having too easy a time with a green dragon? Throw a Storm of Vengeance over the area that only stops on the dragon's death.
RPG tip: Improvised monsters only need ACs, hit points, an attack score, some damage, and a unique attack.
RPG tip: Foreshadow upcoming bad guys by giving PCs a glimpse of secret covens or stories of their horrible deeds.
RPG tip: A picture is worth a thousand words. Use your cell phone to show pictures of the monsters the PCs encounter.
RPG tip: Be careful using the spell "blink" to protect your wizards. It's powerful but can end up just frustrating players.
RPG tip: Too many protections on your Big Bad Evil Guys (BBEGs) can seem more of a slog than a fun fight. It's hard to balance.
RPG tip: Attacking the PCs with a big pile of low-level monsters? Pool their hit points into a big pool 13th Age style.
RPG tip: Always consider how you can make the abilities of the PCs shine in combat, exploration, and interaction. THEY are your heroes.
RPG tip: It's always better to end a game early than end a game late. If time is short, call it there and prep for the next game.
RPG tip: Adding more monsters is always a way to make a battle more challenging and is often more effective than using bigger ones.
RPG tip: Good ideas come from everywhere. Keep your senses open or you'll miss them.
RPG tip: Look for interesting people and places throughout your daily lives. Fill your improvisation bucket.
RPG tip: Mixing two or three ideas together can often make something new and interesting.
RPG tip: The easiest way to increase the challenge of a 5e battle is to add more monsters.
RPG tip: Don't build monsters to thwart the abilities of the PCs. Let battles flow naturally.
RPG tip: Scale is an easy way to make an area fantastic. Mile-high waterfalls, hundred-story pyramids, mountainous cyclopean statues.
RPG tip: Use the campaign worksheet to keep a focus on the PCs and how they're bending the story. 
RPG tip: Don't go overboard with sub-systems or strange new rules. Stick to the main mechanics that the players are used to.
RPG tip: Keep your final campaign battles straight forward. Too many twists and turns can ruin an expected climax.
RPG tip: Fun should always trump realism when building encounters, spells, traps, characters, or monsters.
RPG tip: Near the end of your campaign, let players tell you what THEY found in the treasure hoard instead of you telling them.
RPG tip: Avoid the "blink" spell for NPCs and monsters. It just ends up being a pain in the ass instead of an interesting challenge.
RPG tip: Don't try to circumvent the ability of the PCs. Let them enjoy their asymmetric advantages and overpowered abilities.
RPG tip: The asymmetry of 5e's design is what fuels interesting stories. Don't houserule around it.
RPG tip: Don't counteract the PCs success in avoiding what you thought was going to be a big battle. Go with the flow of the story.
RPG tip: Be prepared with interesting story hooks, interesting NPCs, and fantastic locations in case you start to run out of material.
RPG tip: Put in lots of opportunities for your PCs to act in your piles of narrative. PCs don't want to be passive observers.
RPG tip: The number one rule to good dungeon mastering? Relax and have fun.
RPG tip: Legendary actions and legendary resistances are an easy template to drop on potential boss monsters.
RPG tip: Use random rolls to determine targets and remove your bias to punish the munchkins.
RPG tip: Aim for the sweet spot of five PCs for your game. The game is optimal for four but you can usually get away with six.
RPG tip: Avoid designing your own monsters and instead focus on reskinning existing monsters in the Monster Manual.
RPG tip: The looser you plan your game, the less you care when players go off the rails or bypass battles you expected them to fight.
RPG tip: "Your lives end here" is about the weakest thing a boss monster can say. "I murdered your sister" gets more attention.
RPG tip: Most game sessions can come down to five interesting scenes. Jot them down on a 3x5 card and you're all set.
RPG tip: Steal and reskin your favorite rooms and chambers from classic adventures to build fantastic locations on the fly.
RPG tip: Don't fight against the PC's "save or suck" effects. Revel in their joy of the victory!
RPG tip: Bloodborne's soundtrack (along with its amazing atmosphere) makes for great D&D background music. 
RPG tip: Never expect a single creature to survive if the PCs want to kill it. Instead, expect the threat to come from a group of foes.
RPG tip: Hit points are a gauge you can turn up or down. The listed amount is the average, not set in stone.
RPG tip: Want that Tiamat mini to look really big? Make every square a 10 foot square instead of 5! 
RPG tip: What is the winter holiday in your campaign? Perhaps it is Deadwinter Day? 
RPG tip: Don't worry about giving out too many magic items. Attunement is a built in limitation.
RPG tip: End every campaign with a "three years later" montage driven by the players. Let go and enjoy how their campaign ends.
RPG tip: There's nothing like a nice walk sans-cellphone to ponder ideas for your next game.
RPG tip: Keep your primary plot motivations relatively simple but wrap it in all sorts of juicy complications.
RPG tip: Deep histories can be revealed through small tweet-sized clues left all throughout a dungeon.
RPG tip: Changing the elemental flavor of a monster is a great way to make it feel different with very little effort.
RPG tip: "What is its name?" is a great way to help a player bond to the story of a new magical weapon.
RPG tip: What sort of hopes and dreams do your notable NPCs have for the new year?
RPG tip: Sometimes threef big chambers tied through with a single hallway is all the dungeon you need.
RPG tip: Sometimes its fun to leave major plot elements open but always good to have something ready as a backup.
RPG tip: Keep good notes when your players give you backstories of your characters. They're full of great story seeds.
RPG tip: Asking world-building open-ended questions to your players can be great. Too open and your players will be simply lost.
RPG tip: Be careful putting players on the spot with open story building questions. Sometimes they don't want to make stuff up on the spot.
RPG tip: Narrative combat can be fine but many times players are more engaged when they have a pretty map and some minis to look at.
RPG tip: Start off your new campaign with some character building and maybe a short battle to get folks into it.
RPG tip: Every adventure is yours to twist and morph for the fun of you and your group. Never feel you must run it as written.
RPG tip: when asking players for improvised stories, let them jump in rather than you call them out.
RPG tip: Don't give your group megadungon access if you don't expect them to start exploring it.
RPG tip: If your group starts exploring random rooms in a random dungeon, what story seeds can you plant that gives it some backbone?
RPG tip: Be prepared for your players to hate your quest giving NPC. Find a new way for the PCs to get involved...or not!
RPG tip: If you have the opportunity, try running games at your local gaming store instead of just at home. Great exp and new friends!
RPG tip: 13th Age style player-driven montages are a great way to enjoy long scenes of travel.
RPG tip: Not all player-driven improvisation works well but when it does, it's pure gold. Say yes!
RPG tip: Cool names add a lot of depth to otherwise faceless enemies. Captain Belmont Graycleaver is better than "leader of the orc mercs".
RPG tip: Blank dry-erase maps with interesting textures is a great way to balance flexibility with detail. 
RPG tip: Even if you love narrative combat, some minis on the table can draw in the attention of your players.
RPG tip: Think of NPCs and monsters as piles of clay to be molded into interesting beings by the themes, backgrounds, and drives of the PCs
RPG tip: A tip from @13thAge: ask players what elements of the game they'd like to see come back in the future.
RPG tip: Keep track of the number of magic items PCs have so you know which one could use some magic item love.
RPG tip: Use out-of-character scenes to give players a wider view of the big goings ons in the world.
RPG tip: If you have one course that is clearly more fun, don't put in an artificial choice. Add more choices elsewhere.
RPG tip: Building a Fantastic Location: What was your fantastic location originally? What happened to it? What is it used for now?
RPG tip: Describe profound hits, misses, and even close calls in narrative: "Her blade cuts deep into your left flank!"
RPG tip: You can begin your journey of PC-focused gameplay by taking the time to memorize the PCs' names.
RPG tip: In any tough fight, always consider how the PCs will fail forward if they happen to get TPKed.
RPG tip: Remind players to let you know when they feel like another player deserves inspiration for a cool deed.
RPG tip: Jot down three interesting things about any given location the PCs are likely to see.
RPG tip: Add seasons into your game to keep the feeling of life strong in the world.
RPG tip: Keep track of the number of magic items the PCs have so you know what to reward next and to whom.
RPG tip: Cool magic items are flavored with rich history and their own origin stories that return throughout a PC's career.
RPG tip: When reskinning a monster stat block into a new monster, try not to give away the fact that you're reskinning or what from.
RPG tip: Use the 13th Age style icon rolls to see which PC's background and alignments might come into play in that session's game.
RPG tip: Write down ten tweet-sized secrets the PCs might discover in your next adventure. 
RPG tip: If you give your players the opportunity to explore, don't be surprised when they go way off the edge of the map.
RPG tip: What's a great way to prepare for your games? Absorb a shit-ton of awesome fiction. SF, fantasy, books, movies, TV, games, etc.
RPG tip: Start your section off with a bang. Earthquakes, demon lords, castles exploding, crashing airships, whatever.
RPG tip: Give vital information to the character with the highest skill roll. That way they get it and get a spotlight at the same time.
RPG tip: Love it or hate it, players love loot. Give at least one exciting piece of loot away each session.
RPG tip: Follow @sageadvicednd to watch the latest rulings and tips from the D&D designer's themselves.
RPG tip: Describe problems and enjoy creative solutions.
RPG tip: A interesting map needs to be little more than some squares connected by some lines.
RPG tip: "Bends" damage is totally appropriate if your PCs quickly swim 100 feet up in the ocean. No, they're not resistance to the bends.
RPG tip: Good player-driven travel montages can be as memorable as any other scene in your game. Embrace them! 
RPG tip: Every feature in your game is a lump of clay forming into a detailed person, place, or thing as the eyes of your PCs behold it.
RPG tip: "Describe your killing blow!" is a great way to push players into the creative realm during combat.
RPG tip: Be careful using "describe your killing blow!" with kids or you're going to hear "I SHOOT HIM IN HIS EYEBALL!!"
RPG tip: Can one dwarf use another dwarf as a bludgeoning weapon? Sure! Dwarves might even be proficient. Consider it a two-handed maul.
RPG tip: Avoid boring locations. What makes your location fantastic? Is it enormous? Made of something strange? Does it fly? Is it alive?
RPG tip: You don't always have to kill table humor to keep your game going straight. Table banter is much of the fun.
RPG tip: Encounters with an non-stop stream of bad guys can build an interesting sense of urgency that a normal encounter can't.
RPG tip: You can build interesting encounter areas and then fill them up with different types of monsters depending on how your game goes.
RPG tip: Did the wizard's fireball just kill every bad guy in the room? Don't despair, enjoy the victory!
RPG tip: Quality props, maps, and handouts are worth their weight in gold at the table. Physical props even more so.
RPG tip: PCs from previous games can become interesting NPCs or even background flavor for current games.
RPG tip: Not really enjoying part of that published adventure you're running? Throw it out and build something you'll love!
RPG tip: Fail forward on failed skill checks. How does a failed skill check escalate the tension?
RPG tip: @roll20app isn't just for overhead maps. Drop notes, pictures, and other game aids into a campaign desktop page.
RPG tip: Aim for a group size of 4 to 5. It's the perfect blend of screen time per PC and a great group of creative minds.
RPG tip: Face icons in @roll20app can help everyone identify with each of the characters.
RPG tip: Spend a few minutes before each session refreshing your notes and putting it all back into your mind.
RPG tip: Take every opportunity to shine the spotlight on a PC and their abilities.
RPG tip: What secrets will be revealed in your next session and how might the PCs discover them? 
RPG tip: Take the time to read over the published material you plan to run. Even if you don't run it as is, it's great inspiration.
RPG tip: Clues, PC-focused quests, treasure, NPC actions, and interesting locations are great things to prepare for your game.
RPG tip: Describe a combat location and ask your players to draw it out. You get to decide where the combatants start!
RPG tip: Rolling in the open makes things exciting for everyone.
RPG tip: One to two types of monsters is about all you need in a normal fight. Great big set-piece battles might have three.
RPG tip: A trap for trap's sake isn't very interesting. What does the trap tell the PCs about the location or its creators?
RPG tip: Did you build out a cool battle arena with 3d stuff and all that jazz? Get the most out of it with multiple waves of monsters.
RPG tip: Don't force a trap's effect on the same PC twice without good reason.
RPG tip: Take the time to re-read around the current location in a published adventure in case your PCs take an unexpected turn.
RPG tip: Sandwich your looser improvised stuff with solid locations and well orchestrated encounters.
RPG tip: Email some 250 word flash fiction to give your players a wider view of your antagonist's actions.
RPG tip: Separate fantastic locations from the monsters who may inhabit them to keep your world both solid and dynamic.
RPG tip: Try different RPGs and steal the best parts for your own game.
RPG tip: When trying a new RPG, try to understand the intent of the rules-as-written before you start changing things up.
RPG tip: Keep a list of useful magic items for each PC you can draw from when an opportunity for treasure comes by.
RPG tip: Convert NPCs in published adventures into those meaningful to the PCs. Fathers, brothers, war buddies, etc.
RPG tip: Along with a strong start, have an idea how the end of your next session will hook into the session after that.
RPG tip: You don't have to reskin every monster. Many times players are very happy to fight normal by-the-book monsters.
RPG tip: Not all players want to join your table-side improv class. Some just want to throw dice, kill monsters, and have a few laughs.
RPG tip: Keep descriptions brief and focus on the most important parts. Add extra flavor as scenes continue to move forward.
RPG tip: Want a bit more Cthulhu / Darkest Dungeon in your D&D game? Stick in the madness rules on page 259 of the DMG.
RPG tip: Apocalypse World style threats are one way to keep track of the main baddies in your D&D campaign. 
RPG tip: Great tip from Apocalypse World / Dungeon World: Play to find out what happens, don't presume or force a single direction.
RPG tip: Focus your attention on the world, the people, and the places that your PCs can lay eyes and hands on.
RPG tip: What fantastic location do the PCs head towards? What makes it so? What eight interesting places does it contain?
RPG tip: For every room, chamber, or focused location the PCs find themselves in, what are the three notable features that matter to them?
RPG tip: Want to inflict trap, obstacle, or angry DM damage? Use 7 * the challenge's CR for one target or 7 * 1/2 CR for multiple targets.
RPG tip: Take note of the quiet players and ensure you can find ways to draw their characters into the game. They're easy to forget.
RPG tip: A number of portals or rifts are a great way to throw a bunch of bad guys at the PCs in a strange battlefield configuration.
RPG tip: End a session before a big fight and you can spend time planning out a nice fun encounter.
RPG tip: Random Spell Scroll (roll 2d4): 2. Bard; 3. Sorcerer; 4. Wizard; 5. Cleric; 6. Wizard; 7. Warlock; 8. Druid
RPG tip: Mix in set-piece battles, theater-of-the-mind skirmishes, exploration, and roleplaying to give players a wide range of experiences
RPG tip: Always look for a way to hook an NPC, plot, or story element back to a PC's background to draw them tighter to the story.
RPG tip: Instead of vomiting forth narrative, try tying discoveries to the skills and backgrounds of the PCs. Let THEM discover it.
RPG tip: Have some fun with your players describing the previous ages of the world: the Age of the Old Ones, Age of Discovery, etc.
RPG tip: Want your player to put down the cellphone? Ask them an interesting question and listen to the answer. 
RPG tip: Battles with multiple waves are great ways to create a really epic battle.
RPG tip: Players love it when their idea shatters the rules in unexpected ways. Say yes!
RPG tip: Designate a player as an arcane archivist to help look up spells when someone has a question.
RPG tip: Designate a curio curator to look up magic items in the dungeon master's guide when they come into play.
RPG tip: Don't sweat the details of the rules. Choose a rules lawyer to arbitrate and focus attention on the fun parts of the game.
RPG tip: Ware the player who takes advantage of your "say yes" style by getting away with murder. Let the group arbitrate their bullshit.
RPG tip: Maybe not all the bad guys are willing to throw themselves onto the PCs blade. Maybe they're double agents!
RPG tip: Choosing some interesting treasure is a worthy way to prep your game.
RPG tip: Want to impress your players with a cool battle environment? Build it high!
RPG tip: Plan puzzles carefully. They're not something easy to improvise right at the table.
RPG tip: Keep a list of fun and interesting characters from your favorite books, movies, or TV shows to use as NPC archetypes in your game.
RPG tip: Two big monsters is a good way to have a powerful, explosive fight.
RPG tip: Rory's Story Cubes are a great way to fuel @13thAge style scene montages. Let them roll some dice and tell you what happened.
RPG tip: Here's a quick DM alignment check. How do you feel when a player rolls a critical hit? Do you love it or fear it?
RPG tip: Start game prep by looking at the backgrounds and motivations of the PCs for interesting hooks.
RPG tip: Not everyone will get into your crazy math puzzle. Make it quick so you don't alienate those who aren't into it.
RPG tip: Mix in word puzzles and riddles into your more mathematical cypher-type puzzles.
RPG tip: When playing a public game, keep your game accessible to those with disabilities. How will it run for someone vision impaired?
RPG tip: Use rich narrative when running combat in the "Theater of the Mind" to engage players in the action.
RPG tip: Who are the three main threats in your campaign? What are they doing right now?
RPG tip: Triggering skill checks is a good way to ensure the narrative is relevant to the PCs. What do they discover?
RPG tip: Jot down ideas and study the stat blocks for monsters you're likely to run in your next session.
RPG tip: What is the explosive headline for the first scene in your next adventure? Thanks @monkeyking!
RPG tip: At the end of your campaign, ask your players to describe their favorite moments and keep them in mind for your next one.
RPG tip: Before ending your campaign, write down the main character threads that should be resolved before it ends.
RPG tip: Ending a game right at the beginning of a big battle will start your next game off with a bang!
RPG tip: Make sure to keep the energy high and be patient in explaining the scene when running narrative "theater of the mind" combat.
RPG tip: Every monster, even packs of wolves, might have interesting names or characteristics. Ask your players to define them!
RPG tip: Villainous wolves: Redpaw, Gleamfang, Scar, Cloudeye, the Sisters.
RPG tip: Did your PCs just discover a scroll? Use this table to determine what it is! 
RPG tip: Random Spell Scroll (roll 2d4): 2. Bard; 3. Sorcerer; 4. Wizard; 5. Cleric; 6. Wizard; 7. Warlock; 8. Druid
RPG tip: Need to come up with a strange but flat die roll? Use one die minus 1 for the 10s and one die for the 1s. 1d4-1 + 1d10 for 1 to 39
RPG tip: Focus your narrative on the theme of the adventure. Go fantastic with high adventure and dark with your Ravenloft stuff.
RPG tip: Wrap counterspell in some colorful narrative to make it not such a fun-sucker. See the Harry Potter spell duels.
RPG tip: Madness rules are a rough but powerful set of mechanics to add some Cthulhu into your D&D.
RPG tip: Need a quick boss? Double hit points and add an extra standard action of any monster.
RPG tip: Focus location descriptions on the most important, useful, and fantastic elements of the location.
RPG tip: Use Dungeon World style "hard moves" and "soft moves" to fail forward on poor skill check results.
RPG tip: Advantage and disadvantage are your core ways to reward good ideas or great skill checks.
RPG tip: Keep some simple mechanics on hand to reward great skill checks or fantastic player ideas.
RPG tip: The core of our game is telling stories with our friends. Don't let anything get in the way of that.
RPG tip: When running narrative combat, be descriptive and high energy. Don't spout numbers, spout action!
RPG tip: Be brief with room-by-room explorations. Focus on the important clues. Don't let it become a slog.
RPG tip: Going around the table and switching directions is a good way to ensure every player gets deserved screen-time.
RPG tip: Cheap tricks work well for horror games. Gross descriptions, false visions, creepy descriptions; etc.
RPG tip: Beef up the vampire by giving it 21 (6d6) necrotic on its slam attack and increasing the necrotic dam of bite to 21 (6d6).
RPG tip: Be aware of people's limits when it comes to graphic depictions of bloodshed. Use an X card.
RPG tip: An oldie from Dungeon World: Address the character, not the player.
RPG tip: Reward players for being willing to move the story forward at the sacrifice of their character's safety.
RPG tip: Quick sketches of rooms and doors help even if you're running mostly theater-of-the-mind.
RPG tip: There's no such thing as a generic monster. All of them have interesting characteristics.
RPG tip: Pictures, maps, and handouts are fantastic ways to draw your players into your game beyond just words.
RPG tip: Describe the smells, tastes, and senses of touch to make an area come alive.
RPG tip: If a published battle call for a single monster but you have more than one extra PC, add a smaller minion for each extra PC.
RPG tip: Keep a list of the PCs in front of you all the time so you can call out by character name.
RPG tip: Let published adventures inspire your own stories. Don't be a slave to the written word.
RPG tip: What cults are operating in your campaign? What are their goals? Who leads them? What do they think of the PCs?
RPG tip: Action is the name of the game. What can your PCs do in any given scene? What options do they have available?
RPG tip: Check youtube to practice interesting accents for NPCs in your game.
RPG tip: The dread and depression of Barovia might be too strong for a whole campaign. Add some levity and moments of joy from time to time
RPG tip: Always keep a dungeon on hand if a small town gets too boring. Forgotten cellars, old crypts, ruined towers, etc.
RPG tip: Give a stat block of combatant NPCs to the player with the simplest PC build to let them run it during the game.
RPG tip: Using 3d terrain? Encourage PCs climbing them with skill checks and gaining advantage for high ground.
RPG tip: Don't let the mechanics get in the way of a fantastic scene. Use the mechanics to guide the story.
RPG tip: Mix up gridded, big set-piece battles, and theater of the mind combat to make the most of all of them.
RPG tip: Take the time to learn the names of the PCs. Can you name them all right now?
RPG tip: Avoid pitting the PCs against foes they're not supposed to beat. Combat is as much of an option as careful negotiations.
RPG tip: Write down random names you use during the game. Those NPCs are sure to come back.
RPG tip: Don't be afraid to underline or highlight important notes in your adventures. These books are meant to be used!
RPG tip: Put a large acrylic sheet on your table with the awesome Curse of Strahd map underneath for both atmosphere and utility.
RPG tip: In 5e, hit points are the average of a range determined by hit dice. Don't worry about increasing or decreasing them.
RPG tip: No matter how lazy, spend time outlining a strong introduction, a few cool scenes, and review your PC names and backgrounds.
RPG tip: Always be careful asking a child to "describe their killing blow". Their responses will give you nightmares.
RPG tip: Google image search and deviant art are great places to farm for images to show in your game.
RPG tip: Video game music makes for a great background soundtrack. Assassin's Creed, Witcher 3, and Skyrim. What are your favorites?
RPG tip: How little material can you get away with and still run a fantastic game? What can you add that makes it significantly better?
RPG tip: What evocative details can you describe that supports the theme of your scene, adventure, and campaign?
RPG tip: Don't punish the PCs too much if they split the party. Multiple separate scenes can be cool if juggled well.
RPG tip: Kaizen foam with Dungeon tiles can make some really cool 3d elevation for your battle maps. 
RPG tip: When a character faces a fear, such as a phantasmal killer, ask the player to describe the fearful images their PCs see.
RPG tip: Hag covens are a great example of splitting up a "boss" into three separate monsters.
RPG tip: Litter the land with landmarks of corruption. Ancient sacrificial stones, idols to forgotten gods, unholy circles of ages past.
RPG tip: Who are your main villain's top three lieutenants? What makes them unique and interesting?
RPG tip: Skills are the PCs' primary interface to the world. Think about how they hook into the world and scenes you create.
RPG tip: Write down the names of random NPCs. You never know when they're going to come back again.
RPG tip: Design relevant terrain for random battles. What interesting statues, old ruins, or arcane circles will they see?
RPG tip: Give each PC something to do in every session. Note their strengths before you plan the whole session out.
RPG tip: Wrap your ruses, tricks, and subterfuge in two layers. Players will easily discover the first, but maybe not the second.
RPG tip: Think of each scene as its own sandbox with many ways the PCs can act and interact within it.
RPG tip: Build teeter-totter environmental effects that start out rough on the PCs but, with skill checks, can swing it the other way.
RPG tip: Doing less prep doesn't mean doing NO prep. There are a FEW things we should prepare for our next session.
RPG tip: When players talk, really listen to them and use what they say to make the adventure awesome.
RPG tip: Spend some time in the minds of your NPCs before your next game. How will their motivations intersect with the PCs?
RPG tip: Sometimes off-the-cuff joke comments can lead to really interesting in-game situations. Omit nothing.
RPG tip: Mash up the vampire spawn stat block and the stat blocks of NPCs to make a wide range of horrific vampiric NPCs.
RPG tip: The Barovia map in Curse of Strahd is betting to sit under an acrylic sheet on your gaming table.
RPG tip: If things are feeling directionless, it might be a good time to work out, with the players, what the current open quests are.
RPG tip: Avoid situations that cut off characters from their powers. Seek situations that showcase them.
RPG tip: Use ungridded sketches to help people understand a situation without resorting to five foot square bickering.
RPG tip: Almost any mechanical problem can be improved with in-story narrative. Overpowered mechanics turn into fantastic scenes.
RPG tip: Never forget that the game is about having fun. Smile, laugh, don't take things so seriously.
RPG tip: Seek out and latch onto hooks that players reveal. Did they give their sword a name and origin? Work it in!
RPG tip: Do everything in your power to make new players feel welcome. Spend little time going over rules and just let them dive in.
RPG tip: Spend more time listening and less time talking. Give players the parts they need and then let them expand it with their actions.
RPG tip: Even if you use narrative combat without a grid, some miniatures can help people understand where they are relatively.
RPG tip: Ask your players for the kind of items they want rather than a specific wishlist. Choose within those categories.
RPG tip: Vampires make great reoccurring villains. Even if they die, they just reform in their coffins.
RPG tip: Draw players into the story with easy questions like "how do they die?" and "what do they look like?"
RPG tip: If players are frustrated by a vampire's regen, give them a clue or a check to learn the vulnerabilities.
RPG tip: If NPCs get involved in combat, give their stat block to a player and let them run the NPC on their initiative.
RPG tip: Use a gridded battle map for hard battles where players need to micromanage their characters in order to survive.
RPG tip: Take the time to refresh yourself on the material you plan to run in your next session. It's easy to forget stuff.
RPG tip: Vary the difficulty of encounters. Not everything needs to be a life-or-death event.
RPG tip: Use weather as an interesting way to add flavor to your next scene or adventure.
RPG tip: Use a 13th Age style hotpoint pool if you're running more than six of a single type of monster. 
RPG tip: Focus on two or three NPCs in any one scene. Any more and you and your players will lose track.
RPG tip: Keep in mind the threads that bind scenes and locations together as you run each adventure.
RPG tip: Use @schley's maps on a tablet when running Curse of Strahd. 
RPG tip: Reskin the stat blocks for giants for powerful warlords and champion barbarian NPCs.
RPG tip: Over the years, how have you gotten better as a GM? How do you hope to be better in years to come
RPG tip: Ancient destructible monuments are a great way to boost monster damage with extra fire, cold, force, or necrotic damage.
RPG tip: Spill secrets, clues, and lore through the mouths of monsters and villains during combat.
RPG tip: Let PCs interrupt big rituals. Have a plan whether they disrupt it or not with both results leading to cool exciting stuff.
RPG tip: Use magic items to share history, lore, and background of the campaign. Did that +2 sword once belong to Strahd's brother Sergei?
RPG tip: Using a big detailed 3d battle terrain setup doesn't mean you have to fall to the tyranny of counting 5 foot squares.
RPG tip: Interesting locations have layers and layers of discoverable history going back for eons.
RPG tip: Flashbacks, visions, and dreams are great ways to give PCs a wide view of the story.
RPG tip: PCs having an easy time with zombies or scarecrows? Fill them with swarms of wasps that flood out on slashing or piercing attacks.
RPG tip: Good scenes have interesting weather, historical features, stressful situations, layers of history, and clear value to the PCs.
RPG tip: What scene do you have in your next game that focuses on or showcases one of the PCs?
RPG tip: Describe the details of NPCs, whether friend or foe. Use the opportunity for some "yes, and" improv.
RPG tip: Let your group and your players be who they are. Don't try to force your group to be something it isn't.
RPG tip: Every magic item has a story to tell.
RPG tip: Call for actions around the table, even outside of combat, and switch directions to ensure everyone gets the spotlight sometime.
RPG tip: Spellcasting isn't just for combat. How are NPC spellcasters harassing your party from afar?
RPG tip: Don't shy away from PC death but ensure it doesn't ruin the fun of the game for the player. How can they get back in?
RPG tip: It's ok to step in and offer a recommended path (or paths) if it leads to a more entertaining game.
RPG tip: Keep an interesting encounter with solid story ties in your back pocket for potential dead spaces in your game.
RPG tip: Layer scenes with fantastic locations, deep characters, discoverable secrets, and interesting story hooks
RPG tip: A single battle with waves of enemies and good story ties can be the centerpiece of a single adventure. Think Helm's Deep.
RPG tip: If you're game is running a little short, don't ram in a combat encounter. It might just fatigue people.
RPG tip: After your game, jot down some notes on what worked well and what could be improved. Post them to twitter as #dnd tips!
RPG tip: Beginning with a battle or ending with a battle is a great way to start strong at the following game.
RPG tip: Keep a loose outline of the directions and hooks your campaign might go but be prepared to throw them out the window.
RPG tip: Intelligent weapons are fantastic ever-present NPCs who can give quests and relay important facts to the PCs.
RPG tip: This one is for players. Take notes during your game to stay focused on what's happening and help you avoid cellphone surfing.
RPG tip: Seriously, write down those NPC names. They're easy to forget and it breaks immersion when you stumble to find it.
RPG tip: Villains spouting narrative is a great way to keep the story moving while combat is going on. James Bond villains are just fine.
RPG tip: The core of D&D is having fun exploring dungeons and fighting monsters. Hang on to that.
RPG tip: If you want to see how a game can come alive, watch @matthewmercer run Force Gray. 
RPG tip: Overwhelming forces of monsters is ok but don't build expecting a surrender. Prepare for all outcomes. Don't be a jerk.
RPG tip: Be wary of NPCs who travel with the group. Don't let them overshadow the actions of the PCs.
RPG tip: End battles early by killing monsters on the next hit or have them dissipate when villains fall. No "let's end the battle here".
RPG tip: Mix up battlespaces from big elaborate 3d terrain sets to "theater of the mind" narrative combat. Experiment!
RPG tip: Start your game preparation by writing down the names, backgrounds, and motivations of your PCs.
RPG tip: The more we talk about #dnd in public, the more likely we are to find new players for our games.
RPG tip: Run one-shot games with new players to see if they would be a good fit for your regular games.
RPG tip: What interesting magic items will you reward in your next session?
RPG tip: Interesting scenes could lead towards interaction, exploration, or combat. Let the PCs choose the course!
RPG tip: Swap out the monsters in published adventures for monsters you're excited to run.
RPG tip: Super simple encounter building. Choose one monster per PC with a challenge equal to 1/3 of the PC's level.
RPG tip: Don't worry about getting voices and accents right. Put yourself into the mind of the character and become them for a short bit.
RPG tip: Emailed flash fiction is a great way to keep the game going between sessions. Outline the big points you want to get across.
RPG tip: Step outside the narrative of the PCs and foreshadow villains the PCs have yet to face.
RPG tip: Use puzzles, riddles, and quests to unlock new powers in magical weapons the PCs love.
RPG tip: Replace cash with expensive gems, jewelry, and artwork if the raw coins don't make sense.
RPG tip: Use 13th Age style montages to offload interesting travel stories to your players.
RPG tip: Be mindful of the time you spend, and the players' body language, when describing history, plot, or background.
RPG tip: Don't expect anyone has the time to read that great piece of flash fiction you wrote. You have no right to anyone's time.
RPG tip: Build traps and obstacles logically and let players come up with interesting ways to get past them.
RPG tip: Care not for any monster. For when you do, it shall then be polymorphed into a canary. Love the canary instead.
RPG tip: Don't circumvent the wand of web. Embrace its creative use.
RPG tip: Follow the wise words of @dmdavidblog and highlight the leads in your published adventures. 
RPG tip: Abstract your big set-piece locations from your story and plot so you can use them in many potential situations.
RPG tip: Players should enjoy their save-or-suck spells but don't let them get away with it all the time. Villains are smart.
RPG tip: Ioun stones of greater absorption are powerful weapons of powerful villains and not game-breaking in the hands of PCs.
RPG tip: Add legendary actions and legendary resistance to any normal monster to make it a powerful "named" boss version of that monster.
RPG tip: Don't forget about the lair actions of legendary foes. They're easy to forget.
RPG tip: Keep your game prep notes brief so you can quickly review them before and during your game.
RPG tip: Using monsters with increasingly higher challenge ratings is the easiest way to challenge powerful parties.
RPG tip: Jot magic item bonuses for bosses down on a sticky note and stick them on the monster stat block page you plan to use.
RPG tip: If you're running a deadly encounter, have a fail forward for the TPK ready to go.
RPG tip: Want some monsters the PCs really don't expect or understand? Grab the Tome of Beasts by @KoboldPress! 
RPG tip: What dark power seeks out that powerful weapon your rogue just picked up?
RPG tip: Not every set-piece battle map actually has to be a battle. Let the players know they have choices other than combat.
RPG tip: Dungeons don't need to be huge labyrinths. Focus on the fun chambers even if its only two or three.
RPG tip: Protect elite villains with shield-guardian-like bodyguards that absorb half the damage intended for the villain.
RPG tip: Have a skilled set of players with some powerful characters? Don't be afraid to go way above the standard encounter challenge.
RPG tip: Save hard fights for the ones that are really important. Be liberal with a big bunch of easy fights that showcase the characters.
RPG tip: Not every player will love your crazy interwoven drama. Some just want to explore ruins and fight bad guys.
RPG tip: Thinking through the eyes of your villain is fine until your villains become complete assholes. Keep them fun.
RPG tip: The hard choices aren't always as much fun as you think. Don't pile up too many hard decisions in a row.
RPG tip: It's good to reconfirm the social contract of your game regularly. Is everyone getting what they want?
RPG tip: Flash fiction is a great way to play D&D away from the table but don't expect everyone loves your flash fiction as much as you.
RPG tip: When your players remind you of a thread you lost track of, smile slyly, nod knowingly, and write that shit down.
RPG tip: Sometimes a straight fight with your adventurers isn't your villain's goal.
RPG tip: How can a villain like Strahd convince the PCs to give him Ireena and leave Barovia without a blade being drawn?
RPG tip: There's a difference between a smart villain and a total pain-in-the-ass. Always aim towards fun first.
RPG tip: Mix up a bunch of easy and normal fights with a few hard ones. Don't just punish the PCs all the time.
RPG tip: Running narrative "theater of the mind" combat means not worrying when the PCs short circuit it with something creative or crafty.
RPG tip: A handful of monsters with a CR of half the level of the PCs will be much harder than a single monster with CR equal to level.
RPG tip: For a challenging encounter, add one to two monsters per character above four in just about any battle.
RPG tip: Roll your d20 before worrying about looking up the DC or the modifier. A really low or high roll means it won't matter anyway.
RPG tip: The purpose of a boss fight is to bring a good challenge without removing the key abilities of the characters.
RPG tip: Be ready to handle (or accept!) the heavy focus fire on your favorite monster with more than four PCs.
RPG tip: Test your group before a boss fight by putting them up against a similar boss you don't care about.
RPG tip: Move the story away from tactical tabletop jargon with some high energy narration about the action.
RPG tip: Don't try to circumvent the awesome random chances that aid the characters in their big fight. Revel in it!
RPG tip: Fog cloud and darkness are great ways to clear the field from lots of advantage or disadvantage circumstances.
RPG tip: If you run a long series of encounters without a long rest, go easy on the difficulty of those encounters or it becomes less fun.
RPG tip: Go heavy on wild narrative when running narrative "theater of the mind" combat. Describe what happens.
RPG tip: Use individual random magic item tables when you want a nice single magic item as a reward.
RPG tip: While we heal and find a path ahead, we can find support among friends and family playing the game that we love.
RPG tip: Roll random magic items before your game and keep rolling until you get something you know the players will love.
RPG tip: Know your characters so you know what will make them shine and what will push them to the edge.
RPG tip: Remove the troublesome vampire charm with a flavorful, powerful, but not jerky beguiling gaze. 
RPG tip: Give characters an opportunity to acquire a map of Castle Ravenloft and save yourself hours of description.
RPG tip: Not every monster needs to be dropped to zero hit points. Dispel magic on a lich's phylactery is enough if the story is cool.
RPG tip: Random targets help avoid DM bias. Roll for monster targets when it makes sense.
RPG tip: Awesome circumstances beats out rules of written every day of the week. Don't let the story suffer for the rules.
RPG tip: Villains aren't aways afraid to die to the characters. Some know they serve a greater purpose in death.
RPG tip: Increase boss hit points and damage by 25% for each character above four in a boss fight.
RPG tip: Call for skill checks when a player misses what a character might notice.
RPG tip: From @dungeonbastard , boss battles are much harder after characters have drained resources on many smaller fights.
RPG tip: Lower monster hit points during a fight if the battle's beginning to feel stale.
RPG tip: Roll dice before looking up modifiers or saving throws in a book. If it's really high or low, it won't matter what the mod is.
RPG tip: Take it easy on your first session. Let you and your players get to know the characters and share some stories.
RPG tip: Spend the first few prep sessions of your campaign focusing in on the PCs and their backgrounds.
RPG tip: Describe every attack, spew forth the fantastic.
RPG tip: Prep as much as you need to feel comfortable, and no more.
RPG tip: Keep three to five open story threads going at any given time. Refresh to suit the desires of you and the players.
RPG tip: Re-read the next chapter of your published adventure before the session even if you've read it before to keep it in memory.
RPG tip: Give players the flexibility to let their characters' backgrounds grow as they play. Don't force a rich background all at once.
RPG tip: Give characters a reasonable appraisal of a difficult battle before they rush headlong into it. Let them make an informed choice.
RPG tip: Encourage players to try interesting race and class combinations even if they're not optimal.
RPG tip: Give players the freedom to change their characters class or builds if they're not having fun.
RPG tip: Let humor spontaneously erupt from scenes as they unfold rather than try to plan it up front.
RPG tip: Don't worry too much about continuity when bringing new characters in or dealing with absent characters. Players rarely care.
RPG tip: Give characters some defensive terrain like defending an old keep once in a while.
RPG tip: Remind players (and yourself!) that not all battle maps need be for a battle. Maybe some strong conversation takes the day!
RPG tip: Use your Forgotten Realms calendars to describe the months and seasons of the times. 
RPG tip: You know who makes for a great model for the Zhentarim? The Sons of Anarchy! 
RPG tip: Revel in the characters' use of the Save or Suck spell. Describe the muddy naked ogre surrounded by a Crown of Madness!
RPG tip: All old castles and keeps have forgotten cellars and secret tunnels.
RPG tip: When players feel like they only have one way to go, give some skill checks to discover other options yet uncovered.
RPG tip: Besides the giants, who are the three factions working across interests with the characters in your Storm King's Thunder campaign?
RPG tip: Keep your campaign world's month and holiday names handy. Context builds worlds. Here they are for the Forgotten Realms. 
RPG tip: Quests need to matter to the characters. No one wants to travel 1,000 miles to deliver some news.
RPG tip: Running a looser "theater of the mind" style adventure gives you the agility to react to player decisions instead of forcing them.
RPG tip: Be prepared with the seeds for your next adventure before you start this one. Think two steps out.
RPG tip: A single sheet of laminated paper can be a great portable whiteboard for small maps, hit point records, or diagrams of glyphs.
RPG tip: Seriously, write down those NPC names. On paper. You're going to forget in like 10 seconds.
RPG tip: No game this week? Practice some "lonely fun" gaming by taking an hour to read your favorite D&D sourcebook or adventure.
RPG tip: Take a picture of your campaign worksheet with character names, backgrounds, plot hooks, and motivations. Review it when bored.
RPG tip: Fear not inserting your own cool idea into a published adventure. Fear not cutting what bores you.
RPG tip: Quests should have a strong motivation for the characters. Dump or refactor those that do not.
RPG tip: Missing read-aloud text in your published adventure? Jot down quick bullets you want to focus on.
RPG tip: Keep a few good small dungeon maps handy and use them when you think the characters have been wandering the overland too much.
RPG tip: Let players make decisions at the end of a session so you have a better idea what to prep for in the time in between.
RPG tip: Tie secrets, histories, and clues to the magic items the characters discover. They'll love the +2 bonus, you'll love the hook!
RPG tip: Don't fret about skipping parts of a published adventure that don't resonate with you.
RPG tip: After a game, write down some notes about what went really well and what you wish went better. Review them before your next game.
RPG tip: Even the smallest town has some fantastic characteristic that's sure to make it memorable.
RPG tip: Write down and remember the names of the characters' pets and familiars. They can matter as much as the characters themselves.
RPG tip: No single quest or artifact acquisition should spell total success or total failure for a campaign...until the end.
RPG tip: Keep handy those tools that best help you run your game and eliminate those that do not.
RPG tip: Use the rule of three when describing a town. Three interesting locations, three important NPCs, etc.
RPG tip: Every interesting town has a strange dungeon laying beneath the surface. What is yours?
RPG tip: Which character has an old friend or relative living in the town they're visiting?
RPG tip: Instead of asking "what do you do" when the characters enter a town, give them some options. Rest? Barhop? Investigate rumors?
RPG tip: What fantastic feature marks this town as different from any other?
RPG tip: Good towns are all about the details. Name the bar, describe the atmosphere, give it detailed life.
RPG tip: What is the ancient history of this small town or hommlet? How does it reveal itself and why is it relevant?
RPG tip: Does this town or village have a powerful artifact they're willing to give to the characters for a price?
RPG tip: What rumors or secrets lurk in the town? What do the characters ovehear at the local tavern?
RPG tip: What mystery lurks in the shadows of the town? Which inkeeper is keeping the sacrificed corpse of her husband in the cellar?
RPG tip: What antagonist of the heroes lurks in the town? Are they covert or overt?
RPG tip: Every band of orcs comes from a particular tribe. Define it and make it memorable.
RPG tip: Use the random name generator to come up with interesting tavern names that tell their own story.
RPG tip: What event is going on when the characters come into town? Farm animals on the loose? A crazy parade for the goddess of tricks?
RPG tip: Short off-screen stories are a fun way to re-introduce a missing character. Ron Weasley hiding and fighting snatchers in HP.
RPG tip: Anton Chigurh from No Country for Old Men may be the best villain archetype ever. Use him as a perfect NPC assassin.
RPG tip: Show flashbacks with one-off battles set centuries ago rather than just tell players about it in narrative.
RPG tip: Write down a short list of the important parts you need to pass along when describing narrative histories.
RPG tip: Characters stumbling into a battle between two other foes is an interesting twist to the monster closet.
RPG tip: Keep your dungeon designs flexible to add or remove rooms as fits the pacing of the game.
RPG tip: Hunt for great images across the web to use as show-ems during the game.
RPG tip: Pay special attention to how long your descriptions or narrative is going. It can get boring very quickly.
RPG tip: When describing past events, use a quick summary at the beginning, end, or both, to give players the gist.
RPG tip: Even random encounters can expose secrets and clues important to the larger story.
RPG tip: Not every battle needs to be a tactical masterpiece. Some can be funny. Gnolls trying to use ancient dwarven war machines.
RPG tip: Even ancient traps can hold clues to the history of its makers and those who attempted to come before.
RPG tip: Draw maps on a 45 degree angle on your battle map to break people away from the grid.
RPG tip: Use email or off-line discussions to cover intermissions between games. Don't expect or rely on a lot of engagement, though.
RPG tip: Be nice at level 1 and increase your bastard ranking proportionally to the level of the characters.
RPG tip: Start building your campaign world around the features that directly affect the characters and spiral out from there.
RPG tip: At the start of your campaign, list the top six to ten themes so your players can get a feel for it before they build characters.
RPG tip: Simplify your DM kit by removing books or tools that don't serve to run a fantastic game.
RPG tip: Reinforce the growing informal connections characters build between one another as part of the story.
RPG tip: Don't punish poor strategic choices done for fun role-play purposes. Let them lead to a fun unpredictable scene.
RPG tip: List the ten fantastic features that might come up in various locations in your next game.
RPG tip: Pre-roll some of your random charts ahead of time (encounters, NPC names, loot) so it doesn't make the game feel too random.
RPG tip: Survey your players with "what did you enjoy the most? What do you want more of?" at the end of each game.
RPG tip: Widen the players' view of the world with cut-scenes and flash fiction. Maybe state ancient battles they can participate in.
RPG tip: Keep a list of fantastic town features you can whip up when characters visit some place you're not prepared to fill out.
RPG tip: Keep a list of seven solid NPC names on hand. Random names at the table can have unexpected results.
RPG tip: Even when running theater of the mind, a monster miniature on the table can keep players focused on the situation.
RPG tip: Fleeing from combat with the grand macguffin might be the best victory condition. Make sure players feel it.
RPG tip: Put in locations and let characters explore interesting places that aren't necessarily part of the main story thread.
RPG tip: Reskin locations and dungeons you find in books and adventures to fit the intricate history of the world you're building.
RPG tip: Let characters wander into existing conflicts between enemies. Fire giants versus gnolls!
RPG tip: Mix the features and stat blocks of two monsters in the Monster Manual to build hybrids. Stone giant wights!
RPG tip: Use skill checks to let characters directly explore the world around them instead of just telling them everything all at once.
RPG tip: Which character's background are you going to directly tie to in the first scene of your next game?
RPG tip: Don't worry about filling in details you forgot (or just made up!) in an interesting scene. Your players will forgive you.
RPG tip: Fill dungeons with artifacts that tell the history of the world in which the characters travel.
RPG tip: Rarely can a single creature take on more than four characters. Add minions for each character above 4.
RPG tip: Fill in details of dungeon rooms ahead of time enough to make them interesting but not so much that you mind discarding them.
RPG tip: Not all ghost possessions need be malevolent. Some ghosts just want to hitch a ride.
RPG tip: Magic items can tell as much of a story as anything else, and they're likely one players will pay attention to.
RPG tip: Describe the rules of combat before combat begins when using narrative or abstract combat. 
RPG tip: Beholders are always likely to use flight as their biggest defense.
RPG tip: Choosing different deities is a great way to make unique temple locations for your game. 
RPG tip: Use narrative "theater of the mind" combat when running more than eight or so bad guys. A swarm of 36 stirges? Sure!
RPG tip: Connect characters to important NPCs in the story if your one-shot games.
RPG tip: How can your villains stop the likely bloodshed in a negotiation with the characters?
RPG tip: Putting out a battle map is a clear sign that things are going to get violent. Save it until violence becomes a certainty.
RPG tip: Reskinning dragons is a great way to get a powerhouse boss monster of any flavor.
RPG tip: Keep your imagery brief and powerful. Stone giants impaled on fifty foot obsidian spikes.
RPG tip: Make magic items unique by adding a once-per-day spell effect to it based on the theme of the item.
RPG tip: The physical appearance of a magic item tells a lot of its story.
RPG tip: What fantastic feature does the characters' campsite happen to have? Remember Weathertop!
RPG tip: Be prepared for turn undead to blast away half or more of any undead army you throw against the characters.
RPG tip: All powerful dragons have spells and magic items at their disposal.
RPG tip: Some spells work really well with legendary monsters: Shield, Divine Word, Misty Step, Spiritual Weapon, Counterspell, Smite.
RPG tip: The capabilities of your group matter more than any formula you might use for building encounters.
RPG tip: Sometimes your group wants a real challenge and sometimes they want just some slaughterhouse fun.
RPG tip: Take two monster stat blocks and mash them together for a unique challenge. Stone Giant Wights!
RPG tip: Mark the words of @newbiedm. Focus on the local heroics of your low level characters.
RPG tip: Not digging the way a published adventure handles a location? What if its taken over by your own big bad?
RPG tip: Before prepping your game, jot down the names of the characters and their motivations as your initial seed.
RPG tip: Don't worry about your monsters getting banished, held, blinded, paralyzed, or slain. That's world-breaking fun for players.
RPG tip: Never fall in love with your villains. Your players will smell it and break your heart.
RPG tip: If your game didn't go as well as you hoped, take a step back and do a post-mortem and think about why and what might improve.
RPG tip: Some players don't enjoy being pushed to the edge of death all the time. Some just like to relax and kick ass.
RPG tip: Sometimes players are distracted by stressful things going on in their lives. Be patient with them.
RPG tip: It's fine to give players disconnected pieces of a puzzle but it can help them to know they don't have all the answers.
RPG tip: An "Elrond Council" sort of gathering of the important NPCs is a great way to rebaseline the goal of a campaign.
RPG tip: Write down evidence and clues on 3x5 cards your players can hang onto.
RPG tip: Keep track of spontaneous NPC names, you never know who's going to become a star in the players' eyes.
RPG tip: Just as a sixth PC adds significantly to a battle, reducing to 4 PCs will reduce a lot of synergy.
RPG tip: Help your players build.effective characters for the story you intend to tell. Pacifist enchanters? Not so good against the undead
RPG tip: Describe and outline interesting features in each scene the characters encounter. What makes it fantastic?
RPG tip: Outline interesting locations the characters will encounter as they travel long distances. Ancient skeletal remains, giant statues
RPG tip: Break up descriptive scenes by giving players a chance to jump in with their actions, reactions, or skill checks.
RPG tip: Every magic item has a story.
RPG tip: At the beginning of each character's turn, give them a quick summary of their current situation.
RPG tip: Use descriptions from the Monster Manual and Volo's Guide to seed your mind with adventures.
RPG tip: From @StvWinter Steeping yourself into a campaign world makes running sandbox adventures much easier.
RPG tip: Use sketches of locations when theater of the mind combat doesn't give people a good idea what the hell is going on.
RPG tip: Review all of your clues and secrets right before you run your game so you're clear on the evidence the characters can discover.
RPG tip: Jot down names for potentially named bandits or humanoid enemies before the game.
RPG tip: Replace NPCs in your published adventure with NPCs important to the characters and their backgrounds.
RPG tip: When the characters tend to wander around town, clarify their options or have something crazy happen. DMG page 79!
RPG tip: Build interesting features of a location based on the backgrounds of characters. Ancient drow ethereal portal of Maeramydra!
RPG tip: Add spell effects to fantastic locations that characters can tap into with a skill check. Ethereal orbs that grant "blink".
RPG tip: Differentiate between "quests" and "clues". Quests are clear paths they might follow. Clues are pieces of a puzzle.
RPG tip: Don't push too hard to get feedback. "What did you enjoy and what do you want more of?" is fine and often no answer is ok.
RPG tip: Don't pile a bunch of high damage monsters on the characters one after another. Mix up hard fights with easy ones.
RPG tip: Be mindful of the impact an NPC who travels with the party will have.  Will it overshadow them? Will it complicate things?
RPG tip: Always remember that your players aren't there to critique you. They just want to have a good time like you do.
RPG tip: Don't build scripted scenes. Build situations and let the scene play out from the actions of the characters.
RPG tip: Nothing beats a strong start to your game. What will start your game off with a blast?
RPG tip: Don't stick to the published adventure if what is in your head sounds cooler than the words on the page.
RPG tip: Keep your long-term campaign plans light and flexible. Focus two sessions out and let the campaign grow organically.
RPG tip: Put Acs and DCs out in the open as soon as it is no longer interesting to hide them.
RPG tip: Play D&D like you play craps. Everyone is on the same side and the only villains are the dice.
RPG tip: Change up your intricate puzzle if the characters are stuck. Don't admit that you ever did so.
RPG tip: Use a council meeting with the characters' favorite NPCs to clarify quests and goals. Think Council of Elrond.
RPG tip: Bring the NPCs the characters like the best to the front. Bury those who hold little interest to the players.
RPG tip: Turn old enemies into new friends as the world changes. Cult of the Dragon as an ally? Sure!
RPG tip: Use miniatures to represent the main villains in a campaign and keep them out to focus the players' attentions.
RPG tip: Use collaborative storytelling with your players to turn "ice troll 2" into Doctor Meat Haunch!
RPG tip: When faced with a deadly fight, clarify the risk and give the characters a dignified escape route.
RPG tip: Not all fantastic features in a location need some crazy environmental effect. The shell of an ancient purple worm is cool enough.
RPG tip: Did the players come up with a short-cut by teleporting into the final bosses chamber? Go with it! Always aim towards cool.
RPG tip: NPCs act from their own motives and interests, not from the direction you want the story to go. Does it make sense for them?
RPG tip: Regularly give your players three options plus any interesting ones they come up with on their own.
RPG tip: When running Theater of the Mind combat, give players the chance to describe how they want their characters to avoid threats.
RPG tip: Give out powerful encounter-breaking magical items with heavy consequences. Let the characters make hard choices.
RPG tip: Let your mind wander to fantastic worlds, characters, and stories. Keep them flexible and only make them solid at the table.
RPG tip: Mash up multiple campaign adventures to give players a lot of interesting and unique options for your game.
RPG tip: Prepare as much as you need to feel comfortable running your next game ... and no more.
RPG tip: The less you prepare, the more room the game has to go in exciting directions at the table.
RPG tip: Think through the eyes of your villains. What are they doing right now?
RPG tip: Steal what you want from published adventures and throw away what doesn't delight you. Make them your own.
RPG tip: Use random tables to inspire and fuel your own creative ideas.
RPG tip: How will the start of your next session draw your players into the game? What's the hard starting hook?
RPG tip: from @JamesIntrocaso. Build a quick NPC by stealing a character from pop fiction and switching genders.
RPG tip: What secrets and clues might your characters uncover in your next session? This is the fuel and payoff for exploration.
RPG tip: Fantastic injuries are an interesting way to have a character change in your game. A mangled arm that sprouts Black Tentacles!
RPG tip: Keep a set of five scenes in mind on hand for your next game. Why will the characters care?
RPG tip: Write down your players' birthdays in your calendar and run special sessions for them.
RPG tip: Review your characters before prepping and running your session. How can you hook them into the story?
RPG tip: Keep the ACs of various armor types in mind. Customize the armor of humanoids to keep things interesting.
RPG tip: Pound for pound, giants make for fantastic powerful monsters. They hit hard and have tons of HP.
RPG tip: Prep your game by asking: Where does it start? What 5 fantastic locations do I have? What 10 secrets might be uncovered?
RPG tip: "What do you do?" is the key question to bringing the players into the game. Make sure they have good options available.
RPG tip: Dungeons don't always have to make ecological sense. Sometimes players just want a funhouse to explore.
RPG tip: Try different kinds of adventures, stories, and scenes. Solicit feedback to gauge what types of games your players enjoy the most.
RPG tip: Build rooms like large physical puzzles. Use the rooms in White Plume Mountain as examples.
RPG tip: If you know you're going to have some big choices of direction in your next game, prepare those directions ahead of time.
RPG tip: Every good battle has some interesting terrain going on. What are the terrain hooks the characters can use?
RPG tip: Fill in parts of the story with flash fiction when you want the game to continue away from the table.
RPG tip: Put your own layer of antagonists on top of the dungeons in published adventures. Zhents invading White Plume Mountain?
RPG tip: Show pictures from your books so players can see the monsters they fight or the dungeons into which they delve. Use the art!
RPG tip: Put enemies in disadvantageous positions from time to time. Life doesn't always go well for them either.
RPG tip: Use gridded combat, abstract maps, or theater of the mind whenever the scene and pacing best calls for it.
RPG tip: Reward dangerous heroics with inspiration.
RPG tip: Be fair with an enemy's attack. Choose random targets or have good reason to pick on a particular character.
RPG tip: Refer to a character's background when relevant to the description in a scene to make them a part of it.
RPG tip: As players to describe parts of their own backgrounds relevant the the current story or scene.
RPG tip: Spend some time just listening to your players talk about their characters. Just shut up and listen for a minute.
RPG tip: Build up a good playlist of music and run it in the background of your game nice and low.
RPG tip: Instead of saying "no" offer a check at disadvantage against a hard DC.
RPG tip: Write intelligent weapons down next to your characters on your campaign worksheet. They matter too and are worth remembering.
RPG tip: Replace meaningless NPCs in published adventures with NPCs your players know and remember.
RPG tip: Reskin chambers in published dungeons with those that fit the theme of your campaign. WPM bubble room to submerged giant tomb.
RPG tip: Look out for and save great fantasy artwork to inspire you and your players during your game.
RPG tip: Keep your favorite tools on hand to help you improvise during your game.
RPG tip: Good dungeon masters are flexible and can adapt quickly to change. How do you stay flexible and adapt during your game?
RPG tip: Seek sources of input that bring you the most creativity. Movies, music, books, TV shows; which ones ignite your imagination?
RPG tip: Be patient and listen to your players. Let them bring their own creativity to the table.
RPG tip: Break away from the Facebooks, Twitters, Twitches, and Youtubes for a bit and sit down and read your favorite #dnd sourcebook.
RPG tip: Even for the most improvisational DMs, knowing where your game starts is likely a critical bit of prep.
RPG tip: Earn the players' trust to run a great game. Play fair and for the fun of all.
RPG tip: Battles shouldn't just be filler. What interesting parts of the story will the characters learn in this fight?
RPG tip: If you know a battle is going to take place in a certain location, a cool battle setup can add a lot of fun.
RPG tip: Use Theater of the Mind if you aren't sure where things are going or whether combat will turn into a RP or exploration scene.
RPG tip: Intelligence weapons are NPCs that are always on stage ready to share useful secrets or backstory.
RPG tip: Let scenes flow naturally. Don't assume a scene will focus on roleplaying, combat, or exploration.
RPG tip: Make Dungeon World "Hard Moves" to push the PCs. Swimming salamanders pop the bubble in White Plume Mountain!
RPG tip: You don't always have to draw overhead maps. Draw side-views and isometric maps to show the depth of places.
RPG tip: Write notes on 3x5 cards or print emails to keep track of away-from-table RP and story developments. Stick them in your DM folder.
RPG tip: Not every game will be great. You'll have your share of stinkers. Learn from them and let them improve the rest of your games.
RPG tip: Don't worry too much about overpowered magic items. You can always increase the challenge level and add more monsters.
RPG tip: Oceans Eleven style heists are a great hook for a D&D adventure.
RPG tip: Some situations require more than seat-of-the-pants improvisation. Give yourself the time you need to build out detailed scenes.
RPG tip: Lost for ideas? Start with the backgrounds of the characters and see what comes up!
RPG tip: Character names are important. Spend the time necessary to commit them to memory.
RPG tip: Need a good in-scene gambling game? Try "Gladiators"! 
RPG tip: Give your players three clear options if they get stuck but let them come up with and follow their own if they prefer.
RPG tip: Focus on fantastic locations, motivated NPCs, and interesting situations. Let the characters drive the story.
RPG tip: Street craps, gladiator dice, and cee-lo are fast tavern-style dice games to run in taverns or casinos in game. Google them!
RPG tip: Put action into the hands of the characters. Let them drive the action of the game, not your favorite important NPCs.
RPG tip: Be ready of fail forward at any given skill check so a whole operation doesn't fail completely on a single shitty roll.
RPG tip: Draw maps of locations even for exploration and roleplaying scenes to help players see the scene.
RPG tip: Always be prepared to throw away any big fancy thing you prepared if the story is more fun going off the path.
RPG tip: Mix up exploration, interaction, narrative, and combat scenes to keep the pace of your game moving at a fun speed.
RPG tip: Use Theater of the Mind, rough abstract maps, and gridded set pieces to fit the battle that brings the most fun.
RPG tip: Keep your unpainted giant statues unpainted so they can fill in for different kinds of giants or even ancient fantastic statues.
RPG tip: Our hobby is constantly evolving. Do not look at how others play differently with scorn but with awe, wonder, and happiness.
RPG tip: Use elevation to make a set-piece battle look really interesting. High platforms and tall mountains.
RPG tip: Ensure your fantastic features have hooks relevant to the characters and that hook your players.
RPG tip: In every scene, in every narration, ask yourself "why would the characters care?" Give them a reason.
RPG tip: Try not to get too crafty or deep into your story. Many players just want to explore a dungeon and kill some goblins.
RPG tip: Feel free to dynamically reduce the hit points of monsters to speed up a grinding combat. Don't tell them you've done so, though.
RPG tip: Stand up to help your voice project when you're describing important elements of your game. It also keeps your energy level up.
RPG tip: When teaching the game, get as fast as possible (like within 10 minutes) to playing the game. The rules aren't that important.
RPG tip: If the players come up with a better idea than the one you had, smile, wiggle your eyebrows, and pretend it was yours all along.
RPG tip: "I seek adventure" is the best character motivation. Let your own characters' background come as close to this as possible.
RPG tip: Be ready to throw the subtlty and hidden details of your mysterious story aside if the players don't seem to resonate with it.
RPG tip: Spend some time reviewing the quests the characters are currently working on so the players can get a refresher.
RPG tip: Ensure you balance narrative descriptions (you talking) with the investigation, roleplaying, and combat driven by the players.
RPG tip: Use titles and in-world accomplishments as rewards to characters. "Heroes of Gauntlgrym", "Ally of Klauth", etc.
RPG tip: Hard choices sound like fun but they can put a large cognitive burden on the players. Sometimes they don't want hard choices.
RPG tip: Prepare a few relevant encounters to keep on hand if the story's getting stale and its time for a scrape.
RPG tip: What are the unique characteristics of the locations the characters will visit. Bar with a sagging upper balcony?
RPG tip: Frame your world's history and descriptions from the point of view of the characters, their histories, and their drives.
RPG tip: Use elevation to make your combat scene interesting. Foam blocks are a great way to prop things up.
RPG tip: What are the big interesting features of your combat area? How can characters use them to do something fantastic?
RPG tip: Ancient machinery makes for great objects and areas to explore. How does it work? How does it KEEP working?
RPG tip: Just because the characters are level 12 doesn't mean all the castle guards became champions. Use context-relevant monsters.
RPG tip: Spend time learning the interesting features of popular landmarks of your campaign world. Describe the dank majesty of Skullport!
RPG tip: When a player gives you a rich character background, it's a gift! Mine it for interesting story threads to weave into your game.
RPG tip: Use the backgrounds of the characters as the lens to describe what they see. Dwarves understand the ancient structure of caves.
RPG tip: Use an old black t-shirt or other piece of cloth as a fog-of-war on your 3d dungeon setup.
RPG tip: Big maps and 3d terrain setups don't only have to be for combat. Use them for exploration and roleplay scenes as well.
RPG tip: Instead of building your own random encounter charts, spend time building interesting and meaningful encounters you'll always use.
RPG tip: Instead of vague descriptions of long travel, add in one or two interesting specific scenes that happen along the way.
RPG tip: Use the wild magic table to spice up a battle. Expect the room to be filled with flumphs, however, so prep a fireball.
RPG tip: Even without a grid, its fun to see a miniature of a monster you're about to fight.
RPG tip: Give bandits, guards, and other humanoids different weapons, armor, and appearances to spice them up.
RPG tip: Don't fret the save or suck spells the characters inflict on monsters. Revel in their short-circuit successes.
RPG tip: Character rests are a resource. Keep track of them to not overwhelm or underwhelm your characters.
RPG tip: Mix up hard fights (room full of Slaads) and easy ones (two CR 1/4 guards). It doesn't always have to be perfectly balanced.
RPG tip: Epic chamber battles always seem to take place in the doorways. What will draw the characters into your epic chamber?
RPG tip: What hooks in your next adventure tie into the backgrounds of the characters?
RPG tip: A handful of specific locations with fantastic features helps you fill in gaps as characters explore the world.
RPG tip: bookmark individual @DnDBeyond pages to your home screen for a quick lookup during the game. 
RPG tip: If a battlespace inhibits movement, make it clear what the characters can and can't do. "Two moves to get to the balcony".
RPG tip: Keep a list of the characters on your phone or in your pocket notebook so you can refer to them as ideas come to you.
RPG tip: Spend some time reading through the Dungeon Master's Guide again. There's always ideas you can use to refresh.
RPG tip: Every few sessions try a downtime session where characters can spend time in a city on personal quests.
RPG tip: During downtime sessions, ensure each player gets time to talk about their actions and goals.
RPG tip: Magical scrying is a great way to foreshadow things the characters otherwise might not see.
RPG tip: Describe rich and evocative locations but be brief, no one wants a 30 minute monologue.
RPG tip: Read the body language of your players. Are they into what's going on or tuning out? Adjust as you go.
RPG tip: Prepare your game  just up to the edge of comfort, but not quite fully.
RPG tip: Practice voices in your car and by yourself to wire them in.
RPG tip: Prepare for your game by speaking through the voice of the major NPCs. What would they say right now?
RPG tip: Seed your mind with your favorite source of fantasy art. It serves as both direct inspiration and as mindful priming.
RPG tip: Let players explore the wonders of the world through the eyes of their characters.
RPG tip: Write down features of a battle ground useful to the characters so the players can see it and use it. Think Fate-style "aspects".
RPG tip: Describe evocative and dramatic details when running Theater of the Mind combat. Don't focus on the numbers.
RPG tip: Sometimes we must take discontinuities in our story and world and MAKE them true.
RPG tip: Improvise the threads that connect characters to the world. We need not plan them all out ahead of time.
RPG tip: Start managing the time your game is going to take right away. Don't wait until there's 30 minutes left to worry.
RPG tip: If the players pick up on a false clue, worry not unless it's going to steer a great deal of the game off course.
RPG tip: Dungeon crawls offer an excellent fixed world where the characters can rarely get too off course.
RPG tip: Start your game as close to the action, any action, as you can. Nothing helps players lean forward right away like action.
RPG tip: In a rush to prep your game? What is your strong starting scene and what are ten secrets and clues the characters can discover?
RPG tip: From @JeremyCrawford View things as a player. What would hook YOU?
RPG tip: Use the plethora of live-play games to get ideas how other DMs run their games.
RPG tip: From Never Unprepared: 'The true goal of your session notes is to make you comfortable enough to run your session.'
RPG tip: From Emily Care Boss in Unframed: "Become an attentive fan of what the players create."
RPG tip: From John Arcadian in Unframed: "The least important thing about your game is the plot."
RPG tip: From @ChrisPerkinsDnD "Listen more than you talk."
RPG tip: Challenge powerful parties with more monsters not just bigger monsters.
RPG tip: Don't shy away from letting your characters mow through lower powered encounters. It's fun!
RPG tip: The listed hit points of a monster is just the average, you are free to adjust them up or down to suit the story.
RPG tip: Keep control of the number of rests the characters get to keep the pressure high.
RPG tip: Draw maps of large areas and denote the main features the characters can explore.
RPG tip: Powerful monsters control their terrain. When appropriate, use terrain advantages to put the pressure on the characters.
RPG tip: Expect a shit-ton of attacks to pour out of your high level fighters right away with multi-attacks and action surges.
RPG tip: Be careful removing actions and options from characters. Give them the freedom to choose their actions and change the world.
RPG tip: Be wary of invisibly "wrong" choices. A quick decision shouldn't lead to unknown and irrevocable consequences.
RPG tip: Increasing hit points is the most likely way to make a boss harder to plain defeat. Double or triple HP with lots of PCs.
RPG tip: Magic items are a great vehicle for story, secrets, and clues the characters will remember.
RPG tip: Great magic items define characters. They become a core component of the character's arc, motivations, and desires.
RPG tip: Running combat in the theater of the mind may make you care less when battles don't go as you expect.
RPG tip: Use that flip mat in front of you to sketch side-views that show the huge scale of vast halls.
RPG tip: When things are slow, the door bursts open to reveal assassins.
RPG tip: Instead of rewarding a straight magic item, consider rewarding parts of a larger powerful magic item crafting quest.
RPG tip: Describe zombies by the people they used to be. Farmers, blacksmiths, tavern waiters, barbarian hunters.
RPG tip: Anything we can do to improve our improvisation skills will pay dividends the rest of our DMing lives.
RPG tip: Ask players to describe the results of their heroic actions. Let them take control of the scene.
RPG tip: Bookmark the monsters that may show up in your next game and use your MM right at the table!
RPG tip: Charmed enemies are a great way to reveal secrets and clues to the characters.
RPG tip: Before you build a super-challenging boss fight, put yourself in the mind of the players and ask if it would be fun for you.
RPG tip: Like us DMs, boss monsters will test the characters out with powerful minions or simulacrums to see how they do.
RPG tip: There are fewer fun suckers than action denial. Be careful taking actions away from characters in combat.
RPG tip: Read adventures, and the next section of adventures you plan to run, before you run them. There's no good lazy trick.
RPG tip: Choose the number of monsters during the game based on the need for hopeful (fewer monsters) or fearful (more monster) beats.
RPG tip: Good drama comes from an intermix of hopeful and fearful beats throughout the game. Prepare to improvise both.
RPG tip: Not every boss fight needs to be a balanced arena. Let the characters set the stage to trap a boss and kick its ass.
RPG tip: Drop in hard moves when things look too easy or well refined. Two fire giant guards go to fetch Duke Zalto for dinner.
RPG tip: Use John Carpenter's "The Thing" to model the stressful situations when NPCs might be possessed by ghosts or Yakfolk.
RPG tip: Fire, water, and the limitless energy of undead might all be harnessed to power aspects an ancient dungeon.
RPG tip: Draw vertical maps along with flat maps when the battle space is in 3d.
RPG tip: Villains aren't totally omnipotent. What do they know and what is outside of their sight?
RPG tip: Give players inspiration when they willingly move the story forward and take risks doing so.
RPG tip: Find and keep handy the tools that help you improvise during your game.
RPG tip: Drape initiative cards with vital character stats over the top of your DM screen.
RPG tip: Stat blocks for NPCs are extremely useful for improvising various bad guys. Be familiar with them.
RPG tip: Keep maps for common locations like castle ruins, catacombs, villas, and other common fantasy locations.
RPG tip: Be prepared to improvise for all three pillars: secrets for exploration; random names for NPCs; good monsters for combat.
RPG tip: What is the price in blood, flesh, and soul required to forge powerful magic items?
RPG tip: Tie NPCs to characters to build meaningful relationships right from there inception.
RPG tip: Spend the time to really read the stat blocks of monsters you plan to run. Then read them again right before you use them.
RPG tip: Light prep doesn't mean no prep. Spend the time you need to prepare for a great game.
RPG tip: Beautiful maps and 3d terrain isn't just for combat. It works well for exploration and roleplaying scenes as well.
RPG tip: When running Theater of the Mind, ask for the players' intent and lean towards saying "yes and here's how".
RPG tip: Talk to payers about their overall intent and expectations with the design of their characters. What do they hope to do?
RPG tip: When building interactive components of a detailed combat encounter, start with the story and design around it.
RPG tip: Miniatures work just as well for table props just to show off villains and keep people's attention on the goal.
RPG tip: Begin your game by asking players to describe what happened in the previous session.
RPG tip: Need a "hard mode"? Switch from average damage to max damage, or add 50% more dice to attack rolls.
RPG tip: Even a few 3d props on a battle map can make it pop. A gnarled tree or strange statue are perfect.
RPG tip: Native habitats, leylines, ancient monuments; any of these can give monsters an advantage against the characters.
RPG tip: Nothing shakes up a fight like waves of monsters. Have the boss show up on round 2.
RPG tip: Even the very walls of a dungeon can lead to exploration of the ancient and the strange.
RPG tip: Spend the time to actually read the Monster Manual. It has hundred of adventure ideas packed into it.
RPG tip: Scale up legendary actions and lair actions to account for more than four characters in big battles.
RPG tip: Elder gods staring out of the abyss make for great powerful environmental effects in a big battle.
RPG tip: Challenge players in powerful encounters but be wary of taking away their actions and favorite abilities.
RPG tip: Many encounters without a rest will wear down even the most powerful characters.
RPG tip: Mix up poster maps and 3d terrain to build large battle areas that pop.
RPG tip: Waves of enemies will put a high pressure on the characters in a challenging encounter.
RPG tip: Who doesn't love tentacled horrors? You can never have enough tentacle attacks.
RPG tip: Great villains scry on the characters but not all the time. They know a lot but not everything. The chars must deal with scrying.
RPG tip: You can paraphrase descriptions from the DMG or Monster Manual almost directly to build evocative imagery to the players.
RPG tip: When building a ship, airship, or spelljammer for the characters, let them describe the features of the vehicle.
RPG tip: Place situations in front of the characters but not necessarily the solutions. See how they approach the problem themselves.
RPG tip: NPCs have cognitive biases just like we do. Sometimes they refuse to believe the truth because its just too painful.
RPG tip: D&D is about sitting around a table laughing with your friends. That's the core of our game. Embrace it every session.
RPG tip: Boss confrontation isn't about fights, its about the story. What is the boss doing as the characters approach? What do they want?
RPG tip: What makes your dungeon unique among all other dungeons? What is its overall big trait?
RPG tip: Hunting a lich's phylactery might be a campaign-long adventure. Think Harry Potter hunting horcruxes.
RPG tip: What angle might the characters discover that lets them outsmart their villain?
RPG tip: What traps make sense for the dungeon the characters crawl? Just write down the idea and improvise the mechanics.
RPG tip: Sometimes the characters get the drop on the villain in a really bad spot. Not every boss fight is a huge set-piece encounter.
RPG tip: A jaunt into the astral plane is always fun for high level characters.
RPG tip: Introduce henchmen and sidekicks to your boss early and often so the characters enjoy facing them later.
RPG tip: Things a bit too easy on the characters? Try using maximum damage instead of average damage.
RPG tip: Focus less on balancing encounters and building mechanics and more on pondering the story of the game that unfolds at the table.
RPG tip: Write out one fantastic location and three notable features for every 45 minutes of gameplay you expect to run. Example: Chamber of Orbs; dozen multicolored orbs swirling around the room, covered orb of antimagic in the center, angel of vengeance carved into iron door.
RPG tip: Reflavor features of a dungeon to fit the background of the characters. Statues become those of the deities of the characters.
RPG tip: Build situations and let the characters decide if they're going with combat, exploration, or roleplaying. Don't presuppose how it will go.
RPG tip: When running a legendary monster, take the time to re-read the stat block before combat begins. Don't forget lair actions!
RPG tip: What five fantastic locations might come up in your next game? What three notable features do each of them have?
RPG tip: Bring up the threat of any boss monster by maximizing its hit points and damage.
RPG tip: Boss monsters are more than just bags of hit points and beams of damage. What plot are they setting up to thwart the characters?
RPG tip: What is the main hook for your next session? What is the goal?
RPG tip: Take inspiration from anywhere. Old cover to an Iron Maiden album? Done! 
RPG tip: Don't be afraid to throw dozens and dozens of low CR monsters against your high level PCs. 
RPG tip: Try out static monster damage when the stakes are low and combat speed is important. It's not as big a deal as you think.
RPG tip: Always start by considering the characters, their backgrounds, and their motivations before building your next session.
RPG tip: Write down seven tips after your D&D game on things you learned and areas where you can improve.
RPG tip: Keep track of and cultivate the relationships the characters build with NPCs.
RPG tip: Give options and opportunities while describing the story. Expect the characters to get involved and change it.
RPG tip: Research or make up the histories of the fantastic locations the characters explore in the world.
RPG tip: Describe the individuals of a mob of enemies. Don't make them just a faceless mass. Give a few of them unique character.
RPG tip: Seek out and show interesting artwork depicting fantastic locations. Change your description to fit the art. It's not canon until it hits the ears of the players.
RPG tip: Let players describe the upgrades to their airship or the details of their home, castle, or tower.
RPG tip: We can lazy-DM our way through a lot but boss confrontations require some careful planning and preparation. Give them the time they deserve.
RPG tip: For major confrontations at high levels, don't be afraid to go well beyond "deadly" encounters as long as you have a vague idea how the challenge will play out.
RPG tip: Instead of thinking about a boss encounter as strictly tactical combat, ask what big story element will be revealed during the confrontation.
RPG tip: Smart villains know the devastation caused by splitting the party. How can they use that to their advantage?
RPG tip: Boss fights aren't just an opportunity to beat the hell out of the characters, its an opportunity for the characters to play true to themselves and their capabilities.
RPG tip: Wizard and sorcerer villains can use simulacrum to split themselves into multiple headaches for the characters.
RPG tip: What series of events might cause a boss villain to become an ally of the characters against an even worse foe? 
RPG tip: What are your new year's goals for your D&D games in 2018? 
RPG tip: Don't rob the characters of a killing blow against a boss just because you have some cool story idea on how they die. 
RPG tip: End your campaign with some collaborative storytelling asking where the characters headed next in turn; where they went, what they did, where they were one year out. 
RPG tip: Be careful with character manipulation at the end of a campaign. Let the player drive their character's actions and desires. Don't tug too hard. 
RPG tip: Drive the final boss battle from the story. It doesn't need to be a perfectly well designed combat encounter. The story of the battle matters more than the mechanics. 
RPG tip: Defeating a boss doesn't always mean killing it in combat. It could be destroying the boss's plans with a single word, act, or deed. 
RPG tip: Ancient dragons are really powerful even for their CR and especially the spellcasting variety. Be wary. 
RPG tip: Reading sourcebooks, monster manuals, adventures, and campaign books is one of the best non-lazy ways to improve our DM skills. 
RPG tip: Start your session zero with the basic rules of the game. In particular, characters exist to go on cooperative fantastic adventures with their companions. 
RPG tip: Intro sessions to new campaigns are the best place to establish the scope, scale, and theme of the campaign for the players and DMs. 
RPG tip: Have a small intro scene prepared for your session zero games just to get everyone started playing some #dnd.
RPG tip: Other than a name, we don't need much to improvise NPCs. Jump into the shoes of the character and see how they fill out. 
RPG tip: Sometimes what players say they want out of their D&D games, and what they ACTUALLY want aren't the same things. Observe their behavior as much as listening to their feedback.
RPG tip: Campaigns don't have to be long affairs, build fun and focused campaigns that last about five to ten levels. 
RPG tip: What makes each location in our adventures fantastic, functions, and familiar? 
RPG tip: As anxious as we feel about running our next game, we can remember that we're with friends and all of us want to have a good time. 
RPG tip: Use miniatures to represent the off-stage villains so the players never lose track of who their nemesis is. 
RPG tip: Read through whole published adventures before you run them and then read each section again right before you run it to be as familiar as possible. 
RPG tip: You don't have to remember every canonical bar and shop in Baldur's Gate. Just make one up. (art from the game Epic Citadel) 
RPG tip: Go easy at level 1 and get them to level 2 fast. This is the most deadly level for characters of any.  
RPG tip: In the right circumstances, kobolds can always be deadly.  
RPG tip: Beautiful fantasy maps can draw your players into the world their characters inhabit. . 
RPG tip: Improvise NPCs from your favorite movie or TV characters. 
RPG tip: What features make your mundane locations fantastic? (anyone know the artist?) 
RPG tip: Start your session preparation by reviewing the characters, their backgrounds, and their motivations.  
RPG tip: At low levels, even a battle against rat swarms becomes a fight to remember. (artist unknown) 
RPG tip: If a scene start to feel boring, feel free to jump forward to the next interesting path you can see.  
RPG tip: Not all fantastic items need be magical. A clockwork fish in a bowl can be well loved and remembered.  
RPG tip: Instead of copying monster stat blocks down, simply use the actual monster manual at the table. This helps you avoid railroading towards certain monsters if the story ends up in a different direction. 
RPG tip: There is little need to build your own NPC stat blocks. Simply reskin one of the NPC stat blocks in the Monster Manual or Volo's Guide. Close enough is just fine.  
RPG tip: Battle maps and terrain need not only serve combat but also as visual guides for exploration and roleplaying.
RPG tip: The world does not conform to the level of the characters but that doesn't mean the characters don't have a chance to see when they're outmatched.  
RPG tip: Monsters aren't always standing guard waiting for the characters to rush in. Sometimes they have other problems.  
RPG tip: Weather and celebrations are a great way to add another dimension of life to your adventure.  
RPG tip: Players love to have a base of operations to call their own. A dwelling, lair, fortress, or ship make fantastic rewards.  
RPG tip: Give players an expectation of the types of gameplay they might expect in a particular session. If they don't seem interested, consider a pivot.  
RPG tip: Mix in upward beats with your downward bits of terror in a suspence or horror session or it will seem like a slog the whole time. Give them some fun breaks.  
RPG tip: Offer inspiration to those willing to step foward into obvious danger to keep the game moving smoothly.  
RPG tip: Build murder mysteries by laying out what happened and writing down potential clues the characters can discover that might reveal the true story.  
RPG tip: Feel free to change the result of a mystery if the players went down a different and more interesting road.  
RPG tip: Two mysteries wound together can add fun complications to an investigation.  
RPG tip: Keep the madness effects on hand. Madness is a wonderful universal mechanic for horror in D&D.  
RPG tip: Spend less time talking and more time listening. Enjoy the banter of the players and step in when guidance and direction is needed.  
RPG tip: Describe the failed special attacks of monsters as you would the successes so the characters recognize how close they came to the edge of doom.  
RPG tip: Build situations, not plots or solutions. Let the players choose how to approach the challenges in front of them.  
RPG tip: Give chracters a cool home base they can call their own. Let them customize it how they want and refer to it often.  
RPG tip: Tap into the reactions of players to fill in the details of NPCs. If their nickname is cool or funny, let it stick.  
RPG tip: Break up travel with a fantastic spooky monument and the monsters to which it calls. 
RPG tip: Generate random NPCs to break away from stereotypes or cliches.  
RPG tip: Base in-game events to real-world events. On the night of a supermoon in real life, have them fight the beasts of the supermoon!
RPG tip: We don't need to write down the stats of our reskinned monsters. Make the changes in your head and use the base statistics at the table.  
RPG tip: Keep the pace of the adventure moving fast. Don't linger in one scene when it starts to get stale; leap forward.  
RPG tip: This is our monthly reminder to write down NPC names when they appear in our games. Players feel them break apart into ethereal mist when even we can't remember their names.  
RPG tip: Let the players plan their approach to invading a small fort, pirate ship, defended keep, tower, or villa. We need not railroad them into one approach. Set the situation and let them choose the approach.  
RPG tip: Write down the hooks that seem to resonate to the players. Let those guide where the game moves forward.  
RPG tip: Watch the movies that fit the theme of the adventure you're running to fill your head with ideas you can improvise as you run the game. 
RPG tip: Offer advantage on attacks for those willing to perform a skill check to gain an advantageous position in combat. It's an easy mechanic for an infinite range of awesome flavorful situations and attacks.  
RPG tip: Monsters don't always make optimal moves. Let them make bonehead mistakes for the fun of the story and the game.  
RPG tip: Help players break away from counting squares by letting them move more squares than they normally could so they can actually engage an enemy other than waste a whole turn.  
RPG tip: Tell small bits of the story, history, and situation through small bits of lore the characters learn with skill checks as they investigate the world around them.  
RPG tip: Use video game soundtracks for background music during your game. My personal favorite? Witcher 3! 
RPG tip: Keep your group's size down to four or five players so each player gets enough screen time.  
RPG tip: Never worry about putting piles of low challenge rating monsters in front of your higher level characters.  
RPG tip: We can get away with just about anything for monster miniatures on a map but players really love to have nice miniatures for their characters.
RPG tip: Keep a set of generic pogs or tokens for monster minis when running unexpected improvised combat and keeping the flow of the game moving smoothly. 
RPG tip: For a truly lethal game, remember that damage to a character at zero hit points inflicts a death save. An assassin can use all three attacks to kill a downed character outright.  
RPG tip: Offer multiple lines of investigation and let the players follow those that they discover, choose, or enjoy.  
RPG tip: Player's don't all seek the same thing from our games. Take their feedback, consider it, and make small changes to improve your game carefully.  
RPG tip: Though a player cannot pull the punch on a ranged attack or spell to knock out an opponent, nothing prevents you from asking the player whether the shot or blast killed the character by sheer circumstance.  
RPG tip: When planning your game, build sitiuations and have the NPCs act as they would act even if the characters aren't there. Let the characters interact with the situation.  
RPG tip: If your characters find a creative way to circumvent a long plot line you had planned, let them! They will find their way to new and interesting adventures. . 
RPG tip: If the actions of your characters have a big impact in the world they may not see, break away from their PoV and describe the impact from another character's view.  
RPG tip: Reskin scenes and situations you had planned to fit the unexpected direction your characters took. A scene in a ball might turn into a carnival.  
RPG tip: When thinking about your game, seed your brain by repeating the names of the characters over in your head.  
RPG tip: Give the players clues that villains may be scrying upon them. Let them worry about it or use it for their own advantage.  
RPG tip: Put hard choices in front of the players and don't pre-suppose the answers. Give them reasonable options instead of death behind two of three doors.   
RPG tip: Drop clues and lore in random encounters to tie them to the main story.  
RPG tip: Keep inspirational art at hand to help you imagine and enrich fantastic locations.  
RPG tip: Encourage the narrative descriptions of attacks and killing blows from your players to draw them into the story.  
RPG tip: Use the tools and accessories that help you run your game smoothly and with the flexibility to change as the story changes. (pic from @newbiedm) 
RPG tip: Ask your players to describe interesting sights, sounds, smells, and situations instead of droning through long descriptions of travel.  
RPG tip: The limitless age and experience of hags are their ultimate weapon. How will they thwart your heroes from afar?  
RPG tip: Go big with fantastic features. Nothing creates awe like sheer size.  
RPG tip: Monsters might not be simply motivated to kill the characters. Sometimes they just hate fire and want to put it out...or start one.  
RPG tip: Focus the spotlight on the NPCs the players find the most interesting.  
RPG tip: Select the number and type of monsters by the story and situation. Check to see if the encounter is deadly with Kobold Fight Club.  
RPG tip: Bring back NPCs from previous campaigns to reward your players for their past stories.  
RPG tip: Throw easy encounters into the mix so the players don't feel like they've had a whole night of getting the crap kicked out of them.  
RPG tip: Not all players enjoy or loathe the same things in our games. Survey regularly and take note of who likes what.  
RPG tip: Vary the damage of traps so they don't feel too vanilla. Don't put too many traps in a row.  
RPG tip: Pondering how to start a new campaign or fork into a new one from an existing one? Have a new session zero and bring the players into the discussion. Ask them what they want out of it.  
RPG tip: Scenes with antagonistic NPCs might or might not turn into a fight. Don't force them one way or the other. Let the scenes evolve as the characters interact.  
RPG tip: Printing 11x17 maps from published adventures is a great way to squeeze a lot of the production value of published adventures into our game without breaking the bank. (map by Mike Schley) 
RPG tip: Learn from everywhere. Read books. Watch movies. Watch #dnd streams. Take a break from social media and read an actual D&D sourcebook.  
RPG tip: Instead of having a high-level NPC save the party, give the stat block to one of the players and let them RUN the high-level NPC in a big battle.  
RPG tip: Re-use interesting combat encounter areas by having the characters return to the scenes of old battles to face new foes.  
RPG tip: Did the characters suddenly come into unexpected wealth (say slaying a dragon)? Don't find ways to steal all their money. Let them change the world with it.  
RPG tip: Make sure the scope of the story matches the level of the characters. Rat swarms are suitable for level 1. Demon princes are suitable for level 20. The scope and scale of the characters' actions should increase proportionally.  
RPG tip: Use loaded questions to guide character creation "Why does your character want to travel into the jungles of Chult with the rest of the party to stop the death curse?"  
RPG tip: Make sure to write down what the players bring to your session zero. It's your best chance to understand what the characters are bringing to the campaign.  
RPG tip: A big 36" by 48" sheet of acryllic is a perfect tabletop accessory. You can slide maps, pictures, and handouts underneath. It's perfectly flat and miniatures feel great on it. 
RPG tip: Old characters can become the patrons of new characters in a new campaign. Let previous characters have a background impact in the new campaign.  
RPG tip: When running a published adventure, make sure to have one or more strong threads that help the players make choices and navigate open worlds.  
RPG tip: Want to paint a Reaper Bone in a hurry and on a budget? Paint it with gray gesso and use an ink wash on it for a nice-looking table-ready gray-scale mini. 
RPG tip: Do you have a great idea for an action-packed scene? Don't force the story to lead them there, just start them right in the middle of it! "How did you end up riding a Triceratops in the Unchained dinosaur race?" 
RPG tip: Jot down a list of interesting locations in towns or cities in published adventures so you have a quick index and don't have to flip pages. 
RPG tip: When running a published adventure, spend time reviewing the next section even if you've already read it. A refresher is always handy. 
RPG tip: Even if you have piles of miniatures, keep some generic monster tokens on hand for improvised battles or small fights that don't demand you dig through the vaults looking for the perfect mini.
RPG tip: Adding a daily spell to a magic item is a great way to make it both thematic and mechanically useful.  
RPG tip: A strong start is very important. So is knowing where things might go AFTER the strong start. What's next when that scene is done?  
RPG tip: Choose the tools for running your D&D game that help you stay flexible and improve your improvisation. Less is more. 
RPG tip: Outline important locations in a city and offer these options to players so they don't feel completely lost when exploring this large city. 
RPG tip: The soundtrack to Darkest Dungeon makes for some excellent D&D background music. 
RPG tip: Give magic items a name, a history, and a once-per-day spell effect to make them unique, powerful, and exciting.  
RPG tip: Keep small dungeons on hand when the players want some fun exploring lost ruins, ancient temples, forgotten cellars, and other unexplored locations.  
RPG tip: Dark dreams and strange portents are great ways to drop hard clues in on characters.  
RPG tip: Zombies are harder to kill than you'd think for a challenge 1/4 monster. Be prepared for a hard slog if it keeps making it's constitution save.  
RPG tip: Need some dinosaur minis for your Tomb of Annihilation game? Pick up a sheet of dinosaurs from @TrashMobMinis and @JohnPuhCreation. 
RPG tip: Spend some time describing the grandeour of the characters' location including sights, sounds, and smells.  
RPG tip: Keep a careful eye on the challenge of improvised threats. Two CR 5 creatures are definitely too hard for five level 3 characters.  
RPG tip: Describe situations and observations by the context of the characters. The assassin's killer instinct tells her that invisible eyes are upon her.  
RPG tip: Sometimes a list of ten secrets and clues the characters might discover during the adventure is all you need to run a fun game.  
RPG tip: Use weather, potential random encounters, the results of exploration skill checks, and interesting ancient monuments to build a rich scene during your exploration adventures.  
RPG tip: Start your preparation by running through the characters to put their stories firmly in your head before you prep anything else.  
RPG tip: Make dungeons seem mysterious and real by adding the sound of large wheels, running water, and dropping counterweights behind the walls of the halls they explore.  
RPG tip: Spend a quick moment reading up on the story of a monster before throwing them at your group. You might glean some interesting story hooks from the monster's background.  
RPG tip: Low challenge monsters like koblds and goblins can still harass higher-level characters by setting off traps, stealing goods, or alerting larger foes.  
RPG tip: Interesting scenes have a lot going on in them. Goblins stealing canoes and blowing a horn to call a t-rex right after the characters left a dungeon. 
RPG tip: Some of the most interesting magical items have no combat value but lots of roleplay value.  
RPG tip: Only have a few minutes to prepare for your game? Write down a strong start and ten secrets and clues the characters might discover.  
RPG tip: In dungeon delves, keep note when the players are rolling like crap and find a way to add some upward beats to keep them motivated to go forward.  
RPG tip: Mix in a good bit of non-combat encounters into your random encouters while traveling. Let the characters learn about the world through the creatures they meet.  
RPG tip: Give big monsters names that will follow the characters throughout an adventure. Ambereyes the ancient crocadile seeks revenge.  
RPG tip: Use the right combat system for the right situation. Theater of the mind works well for quick skirmishes. An elaborate map and miniatures work well for large cinematic and complicated situations. 
RPG tip: Did the characters run into a lot of money or rescue a bunch of prisoners? Use the followers and loyalty rules in the DMG to establish a home base or sailing ship full of hirelings.  
RPG tip: Add interesting monuments to random encounters so the place as as much character as the monsters.  
RPG tip: Battles aren't always about killing all of the enemies. Sometimes the goal is to stop the goblins from stealing canoes while avoiding a zombie T-rex. (miniature by Ryan Harris) 
RPG tip: Ask players to define interesting physical characteristics of monsters to draw them into the story and help you identify targets in combat.  
RPG tip: Tie interesting spell effects to magical items that make sense for the origin of the item. For example, a dwarven elemental breastplate that casts Stoneskin named Mountainhide.  
RPG tip: Tie secrets and clues to enemies with things like strange tattoos or decorative symbols on weapons or armor.  
RPG tip: Evil doesn't always wear a black hood and cloak. Evil can lurk in the hearts of the "righteous" lords who send thousands to their deaths based on ego.  
RPG tip: Sometimes, instead of straight victory, a battle instead gives the players something to learn about the story or the characters something to discover. It's not all about combat victory, sometimes it's about information.  
RPG tip: Low challenge battles are a great way for the characters to feel powerful and have opportunities to try other options.  
RPG tip: For single-session scenes, along with a strong start, have some idea where the adventure will end. It might change but keep the end in sight when there's a fixed timetable for the game.  
RPG tip: Roll on random encounter tables not necessarily to show the characters what is there but to show them what HAD been there hours or days ago.  
RPG tip: Fill your mind with fantastic fiction; books, movies, comics, and TV shows. Steep yourself in great writing and bring it forth during your game. 
RPG tip: Turn named enemies into "legendary" versions by doubling their hit points and giving them legendary actions for single attacks or cantrips and resistances.  
RPG tip: The story of a monster is more important than the monster's statistics. How does this monster act and react in the world around it? What makes it dangerous?  
RPG tip: Use fantastic specifics to describe locations. The smell of ozone. The deep rumbling in the earth. The radiating feeling of electrical dread.  
RPG tip: Some villians are most dangerous outside of combat. Only when their plans are either fully disrupted or fully in fruition will they put themselves in harm's way.  
RPG tip: Good villains think they're right in what they do. Great villains actually ARE right. 
RPG tip: A fantastic feature, a hazard, a hidden foe, and a box of treasure makes for a wonderful focused adventure scene.  
RPG tip: What agents seek out the same treasures that your characters seek? 
RPG tip: Continually switch genders of the NPCs and monsters your characters face when exploring the world. 
RPG tip: Prepare your players for the harsh possibility of character deaths. Suggest they build a stable of characters should one suddenly perish in the darkest depths of the deathtrap dungeon.  
RPG tip: Build meaningful but well-hidden treasure parsels and then move them from place to place if the characters don't find them.  
RPG tip: Aim for high fantasty and brevity when describing the locations the characters explore.  
RPG tip: Give characters a clear reason to explore dangerous locations or don't be surprised if they simply give it a miss.  
RPG tip: Write down ten bite-sized pieces of history the characters can learn when exploring a forgotten location.  
RPG tip: Get used to averaging and maxing dice damage in your head to help you streamline rolls and tweak monster damage. Avg dmg = die max + 1 * (num dice / 2). 8d6 fireball = 28 avg or 48 max. 24d10 deadly trap can be converted to 4d10 + 110. 
RPG tip: Tweak monsters but consider what these changes mean within the story. Increasing an ogre's AC from 11 to 18 is fine but describe the full plate of iron armor they now wear.  
RPG tip: Use the Dungeon Master's Guide guidelines for running a large number of foes to let your group face huge numbers of low CR monsters. Fighting fifty skeletons is fun!  
RPG tip: Prune your miniatures, maps, and 3d terrain pieces by taking out and storing those you tend not to use very often, if at all. 
RPG tip: Avoid too many battles of a similar type too close together. Don't run two large battles against hordes of monsters back to back. Shake up small skirmishes, large battles against hordes, and fights against big bosses.  
RPG tip: When running a puzzle, make sure there are logical ways the characters can figure it out. Avoid puzzles that require some external force to explain it all to them.  
RPG tip: In sandbox games, give players roughly three potential options or paths they can choose from plus any more that they come up with while hearing those options.
RPG tip: Use small simple sketches to help explain physical situations. 
RPG tip: Don't be a slave to a published adventure. If a scene doesn't work for you or the group, change it.  
RPG tip: Use small tricks to get players into the story. Have them describe killing blows. Have them identify interesting physical traits of monsters. Have them describe details of locations.  
RPG tip: worry less about the damage players roll and, if the story and energy calls for it, call it a killing blow!
RPG tip: Use passive insight and passive perception to speed up gameplay when desired. Use them to narrate scenes from the point of view of the characters.  
RPG tip: Avoid building encounters with expected outcomes. Let the characters find unique ways to deal with a situation. If they can fly over deadly pit traps, so be it.  
RPG tip: Shadar-kai from Mordenkainen's Tome of Foes can be reskinned into some pretty bad-ass vampires. 
RPG tip: Keep some quick and loose encounter building guidelines in hand to improvise encounters at the general difficulty you have in mind. 
RPG tip: Integrate the story into combat. Let the characters discover interesting secrets and clues or meet new NPCs while combat rages around them.
RPG tip: Create "assassin" versions of normal monsters by boosting their dexterity and giving them stealth proficiency, Cunning Action, and Sneak Attack.
RPG tip: Make any monster a vampire by giving it regeneration, a bite attack that drains life, movement that doesn't provoke opportunity attacks, and vampire vulnerabilities.
RPG tip: Random encounters can be a fun way to liven up travel instead of just combat. Flying monkeys can steal the rogue's lucky decksof cards or a curious baby triceratops can wander into camp.
RPG tip: Keep three paths open in front of the characters so they have meaningful choices that move their story forward.
RPG tip: Leap on the opportunities to add some roleplaying to combat encounters. Such scenes make battles unique and something to remember.
RPG tip: when learning from other DMs, have more questions than opinions.
RPG tip: Is the energy around the table waning? Bring some energy back into your descriptions!
RPG tip: Do you find joy when your monsters make short work of the characters? Maybe shift your view to taking joy in their victories instead.
RPG tip: DMs should know enough of the rules to keep the main game moving but needs little more. Work with the players to adjudicate when it makes sense or make a judgment and move on.
RPG tip: Want to run a shorter adventure? Stick to Theater of the Mind battles with fewer foes to keep things going smoothly.
RPG tip: help players navigate the best skill to use for a given situation and don't punish them for exploring options.
RPG tip: One-sided battles that favor the characters are just fine when they make sense for the story and give them a chance to see the organic world around them.
RPG tip: Use flavor descriptions and theatrics to keep people's imaginations on the story when running narrative "theater of the mind" combat.
RPG tip: Stay true to the tactics of monsters. Are they smart enough to know how to dive around melee to attack ranged attackers or are they a mindless hoard?
RPG tip: After a session jot down some notes, particularly where the session ended, so you know where to start when preparing for your next game.
RPG tip: If the players feel like they're being railroaded, outline some alternative options they might have missed or forgotten about.
RPG tip: Celebrate when characters circumvent combat in a creative way. Skipping a fight can be as fun as defeating it.
RPG tip: Use what the players bring to you but don't screw them with it or they will never speak up again.
RPG tip: Refresh your understanding of a monster by reviewing its background in the Monster Manual before you run it at your game.
RPG tip: Use email to interact with players regarding the individual stories of their characters between games.
RPG tip: Are you prepared to have your battle circumvented with an intersting conversation or some great stealth checks?
RPG tip: For new DMs, watch streaming #dnd games like Dice Camera Action or Critical Role to see what this strange game actually looks like when played.
RPG tip: Think about how the characters are the best ones to handle a particular situation? What traits make them the right folks for the situation at hand?
RPG tip: Action doesn't always mean combat. Keep the story moving and interesting with lots of choices and lots of momentum even when the swords are sheathed.
RPG tip: Find interesting ways to test bosses before a final encounter. Simulacrums, dreams that manifest into reality, lich-like regeneration; any of these are ways bosses can test the mettle of characters.
RPG tip: Whenever you're hard pressed for original ideas, bring in a bit of randomness and see where your mind goes. Use Donjon; the best #dnd random generator on the net. 
RPG tip: Be generous with inspiration when players roleplay their characters.
RPG tip: Take a step back when into the deep tactics of combat to describe the imagery of what's happening in the fiction.
RPG tip: Add hidden rooms and secret doors to your dungeons. If they don't find them, move the contents elsewhere.
RPG tip: Be really nice to level 1 characters and get them to level 2 after a stern conversation and a dead giant rat.
RPG tip: What was your dungeon before it was a dungeon? What was it before that? Layer history over history to enrich fantastic locations.
RPG tip: Don't bother building your own random encounters since any you don't use likely end up wasted. Instead, use random generators to give you ideas for building interesting encounters the characters are sure to run into.
RPG tip: Random encounters can be friendly parlays, meeting interesting people, or discovering hidden mysteries instead of just combat with monsters.
RPG tip: Track the various factions of NPCs in your game, villians or not. What are they up to while the characters are off on adventures? Where might they come back into play?
RPG tip: Use magic items as anchors for the story. A serpent-hilted sacrifical dagger found early on could be a key to unlocking the secrets of Dendar the Night Serpent later on.
RPG tip: Leave blanks in your story. Let the imaginations of the players fill in unsolved mysteries, even at the end of a campaign.
RPG tip: Give the players hard choices with unseen consequences. Let their own minds imagine what happens based on the decisions they make.
RPG tip: Give the characters new forward bases when they've explored deep into a land. Maybe a crashed airship can be their staging ground for a deep dungeon adventure.
RPG tip: Ask loaded questions to fill out the story of the game. "What ancient piece of civilization do you hide behind when the undead gorilla comes around?"
RPG tip: Keep the difficulty dials in mind when running combat. Feel free to tweak hit points, damage, and the number of attacks to suit the threat of the situation.
RPG tip: Use the Arcana skill to describe how a character can see into or manipulate the Weave; the web of magic that surrounds all of life. Twists, holes, and surges can reveal much of the world.
RPG tip: Study the stats and lore of the Monster Manual and then reskin to suit your own story as you need.
RPG tip: Use strange and dark rituals to restore hit points lost to life drains during the death curse from Tomb of Annihilation.
RPG tip: Think about the vertical axis in your combat encounters. What is above and below? Run battles in stark vertical climbs to change things up.
RPG tip: Drop hints at the deeper and darker world that exists beyond the horizon. What is that huge shape that stirs storms with each beat of its wings?
RPG tip: Use colorful descriptions to off-set seemingly boring monster statistics. Give them improvised abilities or let them use the environment to make them exciting.
RPG tip: Jot down character connections to the story as they occur. Review them while reviewing the characters at your next game prep session.
RPG tip: Keep a notebook handy during your game sessions. Write things down and review them after the game is over.
RPG tip: Talk to your players about them keeping game journals to tie them to the stories as they occur. Encourage them to draw pictures regardless of "skill".
RPG tip: Focus on the tools and accessories that help you run fun and flexible games.
RPG tip: Put hard decisions in front of your players but don't shut down creative Kobayashi Maru solutions that get through them.
RPG tip: 11x17 color maps are relatively cheap to print and make for great table accessories. Hit up your local print shop.
RPG tip: Physical well-made handouts can tactically tie players to the story as it goes on. Write in-character letters with fancy fonts on copper resume paper.
RPG tip: Think of dungeons as an entire set and situation the characters can thoroughly explore instead of a series of pre-defined encounters. What's happening in the whole dungeon?
RPG tip: Reckless attack and pack tactics are some great monster abilities you can drop in when you want to up the threat and when they make sense for the story and situation.
RPG tip: Describe actions using in-story narrative, not mechanical or numeric descriptions. Describe the scene, not the numbers.
RPG tip: Work on projecting your voice. Try standing. It isn't always easy but it makes a big difference.
RPG tip: Visualize the scene and situation in your mind's eye and then describe it. Take a moment to imagine things as though you were standing there.
RPG tip: Mix in low challenge monsters and encounters. Don't constantly seek challenging fights one after another.
RPG tip: Create fast and hard-hitting combat encounters by increasing damage and decreasing hit points on monsters. You can tweak monster damage within the range of the damage dice and monster hit points within the range of hit dice and still be within the design.
RPG tip: Be conscious of the amount of time things take between turns. Players should get more than 15 second turns in between eight minute rounds.
RPG tip: Don't make sausage in front of the players. Don't get into encounter design, challenge rating considerations, or what they WOULD have seen if circumstances had been different.
RPG tip: Don't hide initiative. Use table cards or fold-over initiative markers on the edge of a DM screen so everyone can see when the go in the order and can get ready.
RPG tip: Understand the capabilities and desires of the characters and set them up for success. Give polearm masters and shield masters opportunities for their benefits.
RPG tip: Ask for a player's intent when they start asking about the environment. Ask what they want to do and help them do it.
RPG tip: If it isn't clear, assume damage hits the most damaged monster. It's what we would assume smart adventurers would do anyway.
RPG tip: Each session, ask for something unique and interesting about each character. Learn together as a group what's going on within each character's story and background.
RPG tip: Use random encounters as a way to expose new information of the story. Perhaps those random kobolds know where the shrines of the trickster gods lie.
RPG tip: Frame scenes with interesting weather and the times of the day. Where is the moon in the sky? What does the sunset look like? Is there a contrail from an airship high up in the sky?
RPG tip: Each session find a way to draw in one character into their backstory. Do they run into an old friend? Have a prophetic dream? Get hunted by assassins for a crime they didn't commit?
RPG tip: Draw side-view maps and isometric maps instead of always drawing top-down. Show the height of things.
RPG tip: Give intelligent magic items their own character arc. Where did they come from? What do they want? Where are they going?
RPG tip: Give players a physical map they can mark up with a pen so it stands as an artifact to the campaign.
RPG tip: Go for a walk and think about seven tips you picked up from the last game you ran or watched.
RPG tip: Describe the in-world actions taking place during the game. Who is doing what? What happens? What does it look like? Sound like? Smell like?
RPG tip: Recommend to players that they take notes during the game. In particular, note down the names of people and places and how they relate to the characters.
RPG tip: Read up on locations around the current position of the characters. Look up places in the Sword Coast Adventurer's Guide and let it spawn ideas for future adventures.
RPG tip: What trade-off would make a character want to keep a curse or disease intact? What benefits does it provide that they may not want to lose?
RPG tip: Use lower numbers for the quantity and challenge ratings of random encounters. Tie them to interesting secrets and clues the characters can uncover.
RPG tip: build music playlists for relaxing, tense, and combat scenes to build the right atmosphere for the scene taking place. Witcher 3, Divinity Original Sin 1 and 2, Pillars of Eternity, Horizon Zero Dawn, and Darkest Dungeon soundtracks are awesome.
RPG tip: Encounters don't always have to lead to the central story. Some encounters, even random ones, give characters a view of the living world around them. They shouldn't be pointless but they don't have to be laser-focused either.
RPG tip: Highlight the other options for ending combat such as saving someone, capturing someone, stealing something, breaking something, staying quiet, being loud, or other such ends.
RPG tip: Keep in mind the motivations for the characters an the ways that can weave into the story. Are they trying to stop someone? Trying to save someone? Trying to make up for the past?
RPG tip: Be careful forcing high level villains against low level characters to force them into an agreement. Give them an edge that won't make them either agree or TPK.
RPG tip: Fighting hoards of low challenge monsters is a great way for mid- and high-level characters to feel awesome.
RPG tip: Stay hydrated. Always keep some water nearby when running games.
RPG tip: Find opportunities for the rogue assassin to get the drop on enemies. We're too quick to ignore surprise rounds and assassinating is their one special thing.
RPG tip: Keep options open in crucial conversations between the characters and NPCs. Always be thinking about the options available to the characters.
RPG tip: When the characters find themselves facing an insurmountable foe, always make sure they have options available to them. How can they get some sort of upper hand?
RPG tip: Remember that random encounters don't have to be combat encounters. How can the characters negotiate with those goblins?
RPG tip: If a character finds themselves in a life and death situation not necessarily of their own devices, give them a few chances at saving their lives with multiple skill checks and saving throws.
RPG tip: Build scenes and situations without necessarily assuming they will be combat, exploration, or roleplaying. Let the players decide how to approach it.
RPG tip: Be careful with tag-along NPCs overshadowing the characters in an adventure. Give NPCs a reason to stay out of the spotlight or leave the party completely. Let them defer to the characters in most scenes.
RPG tip: Build terrain setups or maps in a way that lets you store them and pull them out when you need them so you don't force any particular scene to take place.
RPG tip: Write down a list of the critical scenes you want to see take place over the course of the next few sessions.
RPG tip: Opposing factions within an enemy organization is a good way to add some interesting roleplaying and decisions to an otherwise slaughterfest.
RPG tip: Add two different and viable entrances to your dungeon to help ensure your dungeon isn't a railroad of encounters.
RPG tip: Use dieties and powerful patrons as ways to tie into a characters' backgrounds. Visions and portents from their dieties shows you care enough to remember to whom they pray.
RPG tip: Mix monsters and story-appropriate environmental effects (mad monkey mist with wights!) for an interesting multi-variable encounter.
RPG tip: If the players get stuck on a puzzle, use active or passive ability checks to drop in hints that help steer them to the right direction.
RPG tip: Dreams and hallusinations are great ways to impart secrets and clues.
RPG tip: Try using maps and table top terrain for scenes of exploration and interaction instead of just combat. Use them as a table-aid to draw your players into the story (awesome setup by @Hyperionpdx). 
RPG tip: Use the right combat style for the right job. Use Theater of the Mind for quick skirmishes. Use tactical gridded maps for difficult battles with lots of moving parts. Use abstract maps when the battle area doesn't fit cleanly onto a grid.
RPG tip: Shake up boring battles with flavorful descriptions, intriguing secrets revealed, and interesting environmental options.
RPG tip: Offer multiple solutions to most problems. Can they talk, sneak, or fight their way out?
RPG tip: Note down intelligent magic items as you would characters. How do they evolve over the campaign?
RPG tip: Always have an exit strategy for tag-along NPCs. Why does Artus Cimber and Dragonbait want to leave the group soon?
RPG tip: Golems with shield-guardian-like hit point sharing options are great ways to protect NPC wizards. An archmage with a pair of iron golems who take her damage for her is a hard foe to defeat.
RPG tip: Read through sourcebooks and adventures to fire off your imagination for your own game.
RPG tip: Read sourcebooks and adventures from other game systems. The mechanics matter little and the ideas cross system boundaries easily.
RPG tip: Read through and, if possible, try out other game systems to cross-train your DMing skills.
RPG tip: Spell descriptions contain bits of story all to themselves. The powerful spells cast by NPCs can change entire adventures. They mean as much to NPCs as PCs.
RPG tip: NPCs may have spells outside of those in the books. These might be devastating world-changing rituals that must be stopped.
RPG tip: Even if money is plentiful, expensive spell components might not be. Few 1,000 gold piece bowls exist in the world, even for those with the funds.
RPG tip: Hit points and damage are two dials we can tweak to increase or decrese the threat depending on the needs of the story. Keep these dials in mind.
RPG tip: What makes a hero? How can we tug on that concept in our D&D games? Which antiheroes in our campaign might become heroes? Which heroes might fall?
RPG tip: Find ways to shake up your game and the expectations of your players. At the same time, don't forget to keep it familiar and fun.
RPG tip: Blow up Vulcan. If your game needs to be shaken up, don't be afraid to let the meteors fall. It's your world and huge things can happen in it.
RPG tip: Write out your ten secrets for your game but then reveal them last to first. Those last secrets are often the doozies.
RPG tip: That feeling you have that you're not ready for your game and they're all going to laugh at you? We all feel that way and it's still bullshit. Carry on.
RPG tip: Take it easy on yourself. Your players want to have a fun time. You want to have a fun time. Breathe deeply and enjoy your escape to a new world.
RPG tip: Look for small ways to tweak your game and try things out. Make a large number of small changes over time. Make a small change, observe the impact, and then make another.
RPG tip: Add story-appropriate elemental damage to lower challenge monsters to make them fun tough opponents for higher level characters.
RPG tip: Constrain your game prep to a single piece of paper to get you to focus on what is most important.
RPG tip: Worry more about a monster's story and how that fits into the world than it's challenge rating.
RPG tip: Add some chaos into your strong start. Entryways collapse, temples explode, Giff show up in a steampunk spelljammer (thanks @navy_dm!).
RPG tip: Let your story drive your tools and accessories, not the other way around.
RPG tip: For a shot of inspiration, go through old boxes of miniatures or old maps and see what fires off your mind.
RPG tip: Don't punish impossible victories. Embrace them.
RPG tip: Reflavor monsters with interesting weapons and armor. Don't worry about changing the stats.
RPG tip: Build trust with your players. You are not their adversary, you are there to make their characters do awesome things.
RPG tip: Don't worry about setting a particular atmosphere. Your players will bring their own emotion to the game as it plays out. Follow the group's lead.
RPG tip: Keep a loose grip on the precision of the rules. There's a lot of flexibility built into 5e's mechanics. Allow for it.
RPG tip: Focus on what the characters will learn in the next game. Let the future of the campaign expand from this moment forward.
RPG tip: Keep an archive of your favorite maps from other adventures. Pull them out and maybe reverse them when you suddenly need a new dungeon.
RPG tip: What is the arc of the intelligent weapon in the character's hand? Where does it want to go? How will it get there?
RPG tip: Bring in NPCs that matter to the characters. Let the others fade away.
RPG tip: Telegraph what kind of adventure you're going to run. If the theme of that adventure changes, let your players know.
RPG tip: Keep campaigns short and focused on the theme of the adventure. Work with players to build characters likewise focused on that theme.
RPG tip: Write down and track the story threads that matter to the characters. Tug on them appropriately.
RPG tip: Let villains become allies and allies become villains. The line is thin between sharing a drink and sharing a blade.
RPG tip: Keep on hand the accessories that help the story unfold at the table. Note which tools help the most and which can go into deep storage.
RPG tip: Build situations and let the characters navigate them how they choose with exploration, roleplaying, or combat.
RPG tip: Always keep an eye on the time. Start managing it the minute the game starts and adjust to fit the length of your session.
RPG tip: Give dungeons, even small ones, two entrances and one secret room. It helps avoid building one-track railroad dungeons.
RPG tip: Give each room in a dungeon at least two interesting features the characters can interact with.
RPG tip: Use the appearance of skeletons to tell something about the history of the area.
RPG tip: Think of every encounter, even random monster encounters, as an opportunity for roleplaying or exploration.
RPG tip: Share the world through the eyes, backgrounds, and motivations of the characters.
RPG tip: Think about your dungeons in three dimensions. What's above and below?
RPG tip: If you have the opportunity, re-running adventures makes them much smoother the second-time around.
RPG tip: Even in the thick of running an adventure, take note of the hooks the players hand to you and use them later.
RPG tip: Don't thwart a player's unexpected idea. Embrace it.
RPG tip: Run monsters as they are in the Monster Manual. Tweak them only when you have a clear reason for it.
RPG tip: Let the characters' actions uncover secrets and clue. Maybe that last casting of shatter revealed the secret passage behind the wall.
RPG tip: Let the characters find creative ways to use the environment to their advantage. Can they use the metal-destroying shield to get past the big propeller? Maybe!
RPG tip: Foreshadow potential deadly threats with dreams, visions, and feelings of dread portents. Let the players know they're walking into a deadly situation.
RPG tip: Ensure your players are prepared for the type of game you plan to run. Will it be a deep character-introspective adventure? An action serial? A deathtrap dungeon?
RPG tip: Ensure players have spare characters if you're running a deathtrap dungeon. Tell them not to get attached.
RPG tip: Players may love the idea of hardcore deathtrap dungeons but might like to actually play them. Test them out with one-shot deathtrap dungeons.
RPG tip: Always stay within the narrative of the story. Describe what happens, not the numbers.
RPG tip: Address players by the names of their characters (thanks Dungeon World!)
RPG tip: Keep your list of random names on hand. You'll never know when someone or something, even an old memory, needs a name.
RPG tip: Visions and hazy dreams are fantastic ways to project clues or potential dangers. Adventurers are constantly getting assaulted by strange premonitions.
RPG tip: pay special attention to new players in your group. There are things they might not get that aren't obvious to you.
RPG tip: let the careful plans of the players work out as they would. Don't do mental yoga to circumvent their efforts.
RPG tip: sometimes a dented breastplate can be an awesome treasure. Add flavor to every item to make it interesting and unique.
RPG tip: size and age are two great ways to make realistic things truly fantastic.
RPG tip: use digital pictures on a tablet to show your players fantastic locations or interesting NPCs.
RPG tip: Some dungeons, even entire worlds, are characters to consider during your prep. What do they want? Where are they headed?
RPG tip: fear not throwing large amounts of enemies at your characters. Use mass combat guidelines to help you adjudicate such big battles.
RPG tip: Focus on the start of your next session. What will draw your players into the game and let them know they're hip-deep in D&D?
RPG tip: Give the players time to plot and plan their approach. Sometimes such plans go off as expected and sometimes unforeseen variables throw them into chaos.
RPG tip: Always keep an eye out for new members to join your group. Even if your group is perfectly healthy, a substitute player always helps and you never know if real life will tear someone away.
RPG tip: Expose the history of the world through the backgrounds of the characters. What do THEY know of the strange god-like beings depicted in the frescoes on the wall?
RPG tip: Customize monsters with unique armor, weapons, and spells. Give them interesting tattoos, scars, or battle insignias.
RPG tip: Describe how characters passively perceive something. Do they see cobwebs blowing in a breeze that shouldn't be there?
RPG tip: Immerse yourself in the fantastic. Play games, read books, watch great TV shows and movies, soak up fantasy artwork, read fantasy poetry; fill your brain with fantasy.
RPG tip: Mix up weapons and armor types among humanoid monsters to make them all feel unique and interesting.
RPG tip: When a player drops a story element on you, like an NPC from their past, grab it and run with it even if you don't know where it will end up. The story will happen on its own.
RPG tip: Ask players to reiterate their goals in an adventure. Let the other players fill those goals in. If none of them can remember, that's trouble.
RPG tip: Keep character and NPC backgrounds light hearted. Not everyone needs to come from a slaughtered village or a bloody altar under a gnoll's knife. Sometimes they come from a family of sixteen.
RPG tip: Ask players specific questions about their characters and listen to what they give you. What did they see in their uncle that got them to start adventuring? What inspiration did they take from their mother's book?
RPG tip: Be prepared for character conversations to go surprisingly well or surprisingly poorly. Not every meeting with a lich ends in death. Sometimes it ends with tea.
RPG tip: Need inspiration? Grab the Dungeon Master's Guide off the shelf with some dice, read, and roll some random ideas to see what shakes up your world.
RPG tip: Take note of the pets of the characters. In many ways players love their pets as much as their PCs.
RPG tip: Be careful with character arcs. Some players have a clear path they wan to take and shaking it up too much can ruin their fun. Ask them what they want from their PC.
RPG tip: Study whole dungeons in published adventures thoroughly and you'll have a much easier time preparing from session to session as the characters navigate it.
RPG tip: Roll on random tables ahead of time so you don't tip your hand showing that the world is just some random nonsense you're coming up with at the table.
RPG tip: Simplify puzzles on the fly if they get boring or tedious. Let skill checks reveal things the players might have missed.
RPG tip: Reveal the purpose and origin of a dungeon through it's visible details and construction.
RPG tip: Players enjoy dominating what could have been a tough fight. Don't rob them of the easy victory.
RPG tip: We get to choose whether to embrace fantasy with either childish wonder or adult cynicism. Open your eyes wide, smile, and be a kid again.
RPG tip: Write down notes on your last game as close to the game as you can while it's fresh in your head.
RPG tip: Who are the characters? What is the strong start? What are ten secrets they might discover in the next session?
RPG tip: Add some single-use relics to spice up treasure boards without overpowering your characters. 
RPG tip: Inspire yourself with art.
RPG tip: Use a mix of props, printouts, music, and narrative to paint a picture in all dimensions.
RPG tip: End sessions at the start of a major encounter to start strong at your next game.
RPG tip: Focus on the tools that help you create the story at the table.
RPG tip: Relax, breathe deep, you're game is going to be great.
RPG tip: Keep your DM kit small and flexible to let your game go in directions you haven't thought of. You need little more than a white board and a marker.
RPG tip: Let music inspire your ideas. Put on some of your favorite tunes, close your eyes, and let the images come to you.
RPG tip: Hypothesize, experiment, and think about the results. Try stuff out and tune based on your experiences.
RPG tip: Explore randomness as a seed for new story directions.
RPG tip: Think about the theme of your campaign and how you express it to your players.
RPG tip: Be careful with effects that take away actions from characters. They can really bum players out. Give them options. Maybe they take psychic damage to steel themselves and get back into the fight.
RPG tip: The only way you'll really know if your players are ok with character deaths is to see how they act when characters die. It can be fun for one-shots but might suck in longer story-focused games
RPG tip: Remember that spell effects occur in three dimensions. One can shrink the diameter of a fireball by casting it higher up in the air.
RPG tip: Read up on a monster's background and lore before you run it. The stories of a monster can inspire new ideas when you roleplay them.
RPG tip: Even in combat scenes, it's worth knowing what a monster wants or what it needs. Some of the best roleplaying negotiations can happen in combat.
RPG tip: Break away from your typically story-focused narrative game with a really interesting tactical battle.
RPG tip: Read body language to see what's working and what is not when you're running your game. Are they leaning forward or sitting back, arms crossed, and eyes narrowed?
RPG tip: Let go of the tactics and mechanics of your game and lose yourself in the world of fantasy and the story of your game.
RPG tip: Embrace what's fun for the group and run with it.
RPG tip: Drop circumstances, both lucky and unlucky, into the story. Watch what happens.
RPG tip: Use maps, terrain, and miniatures to show off scenes of exploration and roleplaying instead of just combat.
RPG tip: Include two entrances and one secret room in dungeons you design.
RPG tip: Cursed magic items are tricky to inject. Think about how they may come into play, how not to overplay your hand, and how to ensure they're fun and not a drag.
RPG tip: Cursed magic items are tricky to inject. Think about how they may come into play, how not to overplay your hand, and how to ensure they're fun and not a drag.
RPG tip: If your players are getting bored, speed up the pace. If they're getting frustrated, give them a boon. Oscillate the beats between hope and fear.
RPG tip: Give the characters a one-use item of power well beyond them. Let them shake the game up in an exciting way.
RPG tip: Don't fear for your monsters. You have an infinite supply.
RPG tip: Read rooms in published adventures ahead of time. Cut or modify the ones that don't excite you.
RPG tip: Run published adventures more than once if you have the chance. Nothing solidifies a published adventure in your mind like actually running it.
RPG tip: Sit back and enjoy it when the players are talking strategies among one another. It means they're fully engaged in what is going on.
RPG tip: Keep an initiative order even if the party is split. It helps ensure you're giving each character enough time in the spotlight.
RPG tip: Telepathic villains are a great way to torment the characters anywhere they happen to be.
RPG tip: Let the players break the game with particularly good combinations of powers or abilities. Don't let that particular game breaking quality become the new norm.
RPG tip: Insert roleplaying into combat. Villains love to banter with their enemies during a fight.
RPG tip: Even the walls in a dungeon tell a story. What do yours tell?
RPG tip: The limitless depth of an Abolith's memories are a fantastic way to bring ancient histories to the characters.
RPG tip: What character options make your campaign interesting? What makes your campaign unique for them?
RPG tip: Foreshadow dangers in dungeons with smells and feelings.
RPG tip: Let the story unfold at the table.
RPG tip: A single charm person can subvert a battle against one hundred foes. And that's awesome.
RPG tip: Acererak has a lot on his mind. He might miss the small detail of his succubus lawyer getting charmed by the bard.
RPG tip: Acererak doesn't hate the characters. He doesn't think about them at all. They are insects hardly worthy of the neurons to consider (does Acererak have neurons?)
RPG tip: Before you shut down a player's bullshit tactic, is it actually an awesome turn in the story?
RPG tip: Ask your players what they are and are not comfortable with in the game during your session zero. Pay attention to body language during the game as well; you might have missed something.
RPG tip: Let go of your pre-definition of a scene. Combat can become roleplay, roleplay can become investigation, investigation can become combat. Create a situation and let the players define their interaction with it.
RPG tip: Work with the players whenever it helps move the story forward. They don't always need to roll a skill check to succeed.
RPG tip: Let players negotiate out of potential combat. Not every conflict requires a fight.
RPG tip: Worry less about the tactics and focus on the players' intent. What do they want to do with those eight summoned constrictor snakes? Focus on that.
RPG tip: Fewer players give you more of an opportunity to let those characters shine. Try to aim for four or five PCs when you're able.
RPG tip: Simple adventures are just fine. Don't worry about including a lot of twists and turns. Sometimes a straight forward but flavorful adventure is all players desire.
RPG tip: Even if they can't do anything with it, finding a 10,000 gp gem in the bottom of a killer dungeon is fun. Tangible rewards matter.
RPG tip: Try to reward one meaningful magical item to each character every four levels or so. It doesn't need to be perfectly systematic but that's about the right overall pace.
RPG tip: Address the characters, not the players.
RPG tip: Describe fantastic locations.
RPG tip: Find a way to help characters shine even if the dice are against them.
RPG tip: Let characters stray away from what you've prepared if it makes sense in the story. Prepare to let them wander.
RPG tip: Display maps and artwork on tablets to show the players what's going on.
RPG tip: High skill checks don't just show them what they can do but what they certainly can't do.
RPG tip: Tie magic items to the story of the adventure and location. Why is it here?
RPG tip: Let characters spend time figuring out puzzles. If they're all engaged, the game is going well.
RPG tip: Remove extranous combat. Maybe the goblins were killed by something else wandering around the dungeon.
RPG tip: One need not run gridded combat in Roll 20. General positioning on a cool background can work for quick combat.
RPG tip: Sometimes it's fun when a monster is down to a single hit point. Sometimes it's better to round down.
RPG tip: Vivid descriptions of high action help ensure that theater of the mind combat doesn't feel stale and static. Focus on the fiction.
RPG tip: Have some cool maps? Use them as inspiration for your fantastic locations.
RPG tip: Building a huge campaign? Consider focusing first on the characters and their immediate surroundings.
RPG tip: Your next game matters the most.
RPG tip: Huge epic miniatures work well as centerpiece statues, monuments, or displays in low level games.
RPG tip: Did a character leave the story and then return? Bring the player in to fill in what happened.
RPG tip: Foreshadowing can come in many guises. Faded images on the wall, haunted dreams, the curious look of a stranger. Everything can be a message.
RPG tip: Prepare enough to feel comfortable letting the characters explore the dungeon however they choose.
RPG tip: Modify a published encounter to fit the most enjoyable pacing of the game. Make it easier or harder to fit the current atmosphere at the table.
RPG tip: Sometimes you'll want the most elaborate battle environment you can  build. Other times a circle on a piece of paper is all you need.
RPG tip: Reskin spells to fit the flavor of the casters.
RPG tip: Keep musical playlists for suspense, relaxed, and combat scenes.
RPG tip: Spend the time to prepare big boss fights. We can improvise a lot of our game but boss fights require careful planning.
RPG tip: Build solid mechanics in your boss fights and include gauges you can turn to raise or lower the threat as needed.
RPG tip: Do your traps and puzzles make logical sense or do they simply require random selections to pass them?
RPG tip: What does your villain want? What are they doing to try to get it?
RPG tip: What makes your town or village fantastic? What features does it have that sets it apart and grabs the attention of the players?
RPG tip: Always be learning.
RPG tip: Stay in the fiction. Describe what's happening in the world.
RPG tip: Never forget that the characters are the heroes of your story. Your universe revolves around them.
RPG tip: What drives the characters to dive into your adventure? Why do they care? What do they want?
RPG tip: Remind players to leave gaps in their backstories so they can grow into their characters as the adventures move onward.
RPG tip: Easy hacks for the fantastic: go big and go old. 
RPG tip: Mash the defining traits of one stat block with another to build something completely unique. Ghoul assassin! Stone giant lich! Goblin veteran! Pick one for base stats and steal defining traits from another.
RPG tip: Beholders likely have large physical minions who punch the concentration out of spellcasters while they're within the antimagic cone. Helmed Horrors and Shield Guardians would be particularly nasty against invisible opponents.
RPG tip: Pay special attention to preparing boss battles. They're not like other encounters. Add dials to change the pacing and difficulty while running the encounter at the table.
RPG tip: Evolve! Take in new experiences and ideas and nudge your DMing style in new directions. Don't throw out the past and don't let the past close you off to new ideas. 
RPG tip: Plant seeds early on in an adventure so confrontations with boss battles aren't just straight-up fights. What do the characters possess that the villains greatly desire?
RPG tip: As you close in on the end of a campaign, ask the players what remains in their characters' arcs that have yet to be resolved.
RPG tip: As a campaign ends, ask the characters where their characters have gone and what they've done one year later. Write it down and email it around as a remembrance.
RPG tip: It's ok to have a planned end to a campaign. Let the players' imaginations fill in the future of their characters after it closes.
RPG tip: Don't negate a character's big special ability. Let them enjoy their broken power in monumental scenes.
RPG tip: When the characters have tough choices ahead, make it clear what those choices are. Don't let them get steered too far away from success or it can get frustrating.
RPG tip: Gauge your players' tolerance for character deaths. Do they like it? Do they hate it? You'll only really know when it happens but keep an eye out for it.
RPG tip: Go easy on first level characters. Watch the damage the monsters do carefully. Ignore instant death if you want to be nice to new players.
RPG tip: Keep meaningful NPCs down to about three in any given adventure. Too many and players lose track of them too easily.
RPG tip: Challenge rating is one way to get a general gage of a monster's actual challenge but its hit points and damage output are also important to consider.
RPG tip: Your most important session is your next one.
RPG tip: Build layers in your locations. What is it now? What did it used to be?
RPG tip: Understand and reinforce the themes in your campaign. Describe them in your session zero to ensure your players are on board. Is it dark fantasy? Urban intrigue? Jungle exploration? What defines the theme?
RPG tip: Sometimes all you need are two ogres in the woods to see how your players want to interact with the world. Will they attack them? Will they trick them? Will they sneak around them? Will they listen to them? Leave the approach open and build situations instead. 
RPG tip: Stopping the dark ritual at the end of a campaign is a poor motivation. Gathering the items to contain the result is a more interesting goal. 
RPG tip: Take the time to read about the lore of a character's background or origin. Are they elvish? Read the lore about the Fey. Do they have a connection to the Shadowfell? Read about the history of Shadar-Kai. 
RPG tip: Stringing characters along the quest to acquire an item they cannot attain can be demotivating and frustrating. Instead, let them gather clues to understand and face the perils ahead. 
RPG tip: In early levels, pay particular attention to the damage monsters inflict. It can surprise you how quickly a low level character can go from full hit points to zero. 
RPG tip: Dreams and visions are a fantastic way to foreshadow events happening later in the game. They can introduce villains. They can answer questions. They can make the ethereal true. 
RPG tip: Need inspiration to draw your players into the action of the game? Review the skill list in chapter 7 of the Player's Handbook and see all of the things they can do with skills.
RPG tip: Make sure your players are on board with the theme of your campaign. It's worth a series of conversations even before your session zero.
RPG tip: Know the structure of your short campaign. You don't have to fill in all the details but a general outline helps.
RPG tip: What interesting magic items might your characters discover in your next adventure?
RPG tip: Don't be afraid to give powerful single-use magic items. They can add some chaotic fun without completely breaking an entire campaign. 
RPG tip: Oscillate between easy and hard battles to change up the beats in your game.
RPG tip: Don't kill off NPCs just to get an emotional reaction out of your players. You can put them in danger and the situation may kill them but don't force the conclusion.
RPG tip: The night of or the morning after your game, spend ten minutes writing down what happened in the last session.
RPG tip: Some moments in the game will surprise everyone at the table, including you. Let them happen. These are the surprises everyone will remember long after the campaign is over.
RPG tip: Build story ideas from old mythological folklore. Seek out Celtic, Greek, African, Native American, Chinese, Middle Eastern, and Authorian legends.
RPG tip: Put in longer moments of rest in between adventures. Ask what the characters did in between these sessions. Let players develop their characters so you and the rest of the players can understand them better.
RPG tip: Build a structure around your game that you and your players understand. The characters must seek four breakers-magical artifacts capable of destroying the four anchors that bring the Demon Lord to Urth.
RPG tip: Good campaign arcs have a single sentence that defines them. Even if the world is wide hope, the players and characters understand their overall goal.
RPG tip: Build one fantastic location for every 30 to 45 minutes of expected gameplay. What is it called? What three aspects does it have that will interest the characters?
RPG tip: Build out what the characters will see and what is just over the horizon.
RPG tip: Keep the characters at the center of your game prep.
RPG tip: Delegate rules responsibility to your players. You need not carry that burden by yourself.
RPG tip: Break canon.
RPG tip: Absorb great fiction and use it to build the texture in your own game.
RPG tip: Understand and reinforce the theme of your campaign.
RPG tip: Take a sharpie and mark the rules in your book that have been updated with errata. Fear not writing in your books. Remember the potions book of the Half-Blood Prince.
RPG tip: What is the mythology of your world?
RPG tip: Fill your mind with the words and images of the fantastic.
RPG tip: Try out a short campaign in which the characters level every session.
RPG tip: Let go.
RPG tip: Shrink your aperture.
RPG tip: Leave loose ends loose.
RPG tip: Watch their body language.
RPG tip: Attack with a horde.
RPG tip: Reduce your tools.
RPG tip: Simplify.
RPG tip: Attack in waves.
RPG tip: Deep caverns lie beneath every gnarled tree.
RPG tip: Build on the bones of dead gods.
RPG tip: Cut off passages and chambers in a dungeon on the fly if it better fits the timing and pacing of the adventure you're running.
RPG tip: Take the time to select or build intersting magic items. They matter a lot to your players.
RPG tip: Balance lore and action. Don't just tell them stuff, let them discover it.
RPG tip: Look to the DM's Guild for interesting playtested character options that fit the theme of your campaign. Players would love to expand beyond the PhB.
RPG tip: Crosstrain with other RPGs. Pick up tips from these other RPGs. What are your favorites?
RPG tip: Let the players fill in the timeline gaps in your stories with their own descriptions of their character's time off screen.
RPG tip: Let the story shift direction based on what the players remember and focus their attention on. What do they care about?
RPG tip: Instead of spending a lot of time building a custom monster, reskin an existing one.
RPG tip: Looking for an interesting variant of a monster, like a wererat assassin? Stick to the normal assassin stat block and reflavor it as a wererat.
RPG tip: Ensure your dungeon design makes sense for the story.
RPG tip: Ensure there's a purpose for a puzzle room. Most lichs likely don't build rooms just to challenge adventurers.
RPG tip: Worry less about designing a location and its inhabitants around the current power level of the characters. Give them one that makes sense given the current story.
RPG tip: Rule number one for running narrative combat: Help characters succeed with their intent.
RPG tip: The general flow of narrative "theater of the mind" combat: describe the environment and situation, ask the player for their desire and intent, adjudicate the results favoring the character. Repeat.
RPG tip: Let monsters act in a non-optimized way if the pace of battle calls for it. Just because a bullywug can swim doesn't mean players want to chase it for six rounds.
RPG tip: Above all, stay on time. Watch your time throughout the whole adventure. Let players end on a high note. Don't "call it right here".
RPG tip: Its perfectly fine to play sub-optimally for the fun of the story and the pace of the game.
RPG tip: Describe what the characters are seeing or what is happening to them before asking for a roll. Ask that players likewise describe their actions.
RPG tip: There's a fine line between a challenging fight and an annoying one. Keep a careful eye on it so you don't cross it.
RPG tip: Work with your players, not against them. Help them succeed.
RPG tip: Get as close to you can to asking "what do you do?" Give players options often.
RPG tip: Just like campaigns, individual adventures can have an overall theme. Paint your adventure from this theme.
RPG tip: It's ok to throw in vorpal swords into a short campaign. Even if it's overpowered, it won't be around forever.
RPG tip: Gauge your players' tolerance for gore. Talk to them about it before you let the blood fly.
RPG tip: Take some time to find interesting monsters to drop into your next session.
RPG tip: Spend less time finding the perfect monster and go with one that's good enough.
RPG tip: Flavor standard monsters with new weapons, interesting traits, notable appearances, new attacks, and dangerous spells.
RPG tip: Mash two dungeon maps together to come up with something new and unique.
RPG tip: Keep a handful of standard maps on hand so you can quickly drop a dungeon into an improvised adventure. Don't have too many in your kit or you'll be paralized by indecision.
RPG tip: Give yourself ample time to include a nice big boss fight at the end of your single-session adventure.
RPG tip: Flavor the details of your location with historical statues, frescoes, and other markings that expand the history of your campaign.
RPG tip: Mix up scenes with opportunities for roleplaying, exploration and combat. Consider multiple solutions to each scene.
RPG tip: Mix up monster difficulties and quantities. Include some encounters with lots of little guys, some with a few big ones, and some with both!
RPG tip: Lower the hit points of monsters to speed up battles when they get boring or tedious.
RPG tip: Increase the damage of monsters to make them scarier and increase the tension.
RPG tip: Bathe locations in iconic imagery. A collapsed building that seemed to form a giant screaming skull. A twisted tower that looks like a single finger pointing up to a dead sky. A deep pit that looks like a seeping wound in the earth.
RPG tip: Introduce villains early and keep them present, even if just in rumor or the aftermath of their crossing.
RPG tip: Describe world-changing events that may take place off screen to give the players a view of a living world.
RPG tip: Stuck for inspiration? Start with five to seven fantastic locations and see what ideas they bring to you.
RPG tip: Think about the situation of a location. What would happen there if the characters didn't show up?
RPG tip: A boss arriving later in a battle is a good way to avoid them getting alpha-striked in round one of a battle.
RPG tip: Inflicting damage when hit is a great way to scale threat with the number of characters. An ancient red dragon with fireshield is a truly deadly experience.
RPG tip: Give the characters glimpses of a villain's alternate plans. What if they're planning to escape the world if their sinister plot fails?
RPG tip: Improvise the actions and reactions of the characters as though they're balls on a pool table. Who can say where they're going to go until they start moving.
RPG tip: Keep a few basic monsters at your current challenge level available to reskin when you need a creature you haven't thought of. Ogres and giants work particularly well.
RPG tip: Put the characters into hard situations that combat simply can't get them out of.
RPG tip: Reskin spells to show off the background and theme of villainous NPCs.
RPG tip: Nothing is more stressful than a villainous garden party you can't simply burn down.
RPG tip: What can the villains offer the characters that will stay their hand?
RPG tip: Illusions that affect some characters but not others is a great way to add some inter-party suspense and fun roleplaying for your players.
RPG tip: Villains have all sorts of motivations. Some may not realize they're villains at all. What if an innocent person might cause the end of the world?
RPG tip: Add your own folklore to your campaign. A black dagger might be a shard cut from the fabric of the night sky.
RPG tip: Give yourself time to run boss battles. Expect them to take at least twice as long as a typical battle. Give them the bandwidth they deserve.
RPG tip: Spend the time to understand complicated boss monsters. Read over their stat block again and jot down notes.
RPG tip: Take some time to understand the capabilities of the characters. Talk to your players about the choices they've made for their character and what they hope to see them do.
RPG tip: Email microfiction to keep the players playing the game even when they're not at the table.
RPG tip: Email a campaign closer that talks about the state of the world six months after the characters finished the campaign. How has the world changed due to their heroic actions?
RPG tip: Consider dedicating an entire session to a big boss fight. Multiple waves, environmental changes, big set-piece dioramas; go big with your boss fights.
RPG tip: Review the characters' backgrounds each time you prepare. Give the characters a chance to shine with their background, not just their race or class.
RPG tip: Start off with a bang. Get the characters into the action as soon as you can.
RPG tip: Give your characters a home base they can call their own. Give it to them early.
RPG tip: In the beginning of a campaign, let the players choose a faction or organization they all belong to already. Get them started already tied together.
RPG tip: Write up a one-page handout to help your players understand the campaign and their characters' place in the world. 
RPG tip: Get a feeling for whether your group prefers to fight it out or talk through situations. Give them more opportunities for the one they prefer.
RPG tip: Give the characters a reason to interact with the scenery in a fantastic location. Why would they risk investigating the strange starscape-filled pool?
RPG tip: Let characters navigate bottomless pits using reasonably safe ideas without requiring a skill check.
RPG tip: Smile. Laugh.
RPG tip: In complicated situations players are probably in trouble understanding what's going on about half the time. Keep this in mind and help them out.
RPG tip: Set up situations. Let the players decide how to deal with them.
RPG tip: Run big battles in the background story. Focus on the skirmishes the characters deal with during the bigger wars.
RPG tip: Show art.
RPG tip: Spread a thin layer of history and lore over the whole adventure. Let it be discovered through attribute checks and character backgrounds.
RPG tip: The world is built upon the ancient remains of a thousand civilizations.
RPG tip: Respond to the decisions of the players as the world would respond to the actions of the characters.
RPG tip: Spend ten minutes before your game going over the characters. Who are they? What do they want? What do they like to do?
RPG tip: Steal bigger dungeons, particularly dungeon maps, from other published adventures if you're worried the characters will take a dungeon path you didn't expect.
RPG tip: Make sure the characters have something to do in each of the locations they might explore. Otherwise they'll just wander through.
RPG tip: Reward curiosity.
RPG tip: Use miniatures or tokens to show positioning. Who's up front? Who's in the back?
RPG tip: Drop in one interesting magic item into each session. If you're worried about imbalancing the game, make it a one-use item.
RPG tip: Move the spotlight to the NPCs the characters seem to like the best.
RPG tip: Before you plan out your campaign, talk to your players and make sure its the sort of campaign people want to play. Do this even BEFORE a session zero (session negative one?)
RPG tip: Vary the types of monsters your characters face. Two or three battles of zombies in a row can get boring and repetitive.
RPG tip: Add or remove encounters to change up the pace of the game. Too many battles can be weary and too few can lose the action
RPG tip: Add magic items that fit the backgrounds and desires of the characters. Let's face it, Sting was made for Bilbo.
RPG tip: Let confrontations go from verbal to physical and maybe back again. Don't expect or force a scene to go one way or the other. Let the players choose.
RPG tip: Write a one-page campaign summary that focuses on the characters and their role in the campaign. Write it in the second person.
RPG tip: Use hand torn crumpled copper resume paper to make cool in world  notes.
RPG tip: Keep your session zero relaxed and let your players know not to expect crazy powerhouse action. It's a time to get to know the characters and the world.
RPG tip: Use downtime between adventures as a way for the players to get to know one another's characters. "What was your character up to over the past two tendays?" is a great way to learn more about a character.
RPG tip: Nothing beats a body washing up on shore to start a mystery.
RPG tip: Change the hooks in published adventures if the one in your head will grab your players more than the one in the book.
RPG tip: Make vampires more dangerous by increasing their life draining bite to 21 (6d6) necrotic damage and requiring Greater Restoration to restore the drained hit points.
RPG tip: Spend time learning how to draw cool maps. Regional, dungeon, and battle maps are a great way to draw your players visually into the story.
RPG tip: Change the weather. 
RPG tip: Zombies that explode like fireballs when they finally die.
RPG tip: Block and schedule some time in your week to spend real time preparing for your game.
RPG tip: Award inspiration to reward risk taking that moves the story forward. Putting your head into a well full of poisonous snakes? You get inspiration!
RPG tip: Level one is its own special game. It's far more dangerous and lethal than any other level in the game. Treat it accordingly.
RPG tip: Keep an eye on the damage output of a monster. It may swing harder or softer than the challenge rating indicates.
RPG tip: Drop hints of interesting things the characters might otherwise miss. Strange thudding noises in the attic, strange glowing shining reflections in the mud at the bottom of the well.
RPG tip: Tie the PCs' backgrounds to future adventures. Maybe one of the characters sailed on the ship that sunk the pirate vessel Tammeraut.
RPG tip: Build handouts to draw players into the world. Strange fonts on copper-colored resume paper with torn edges works well.
RPG tip: Build two layers of deception into your villains. The first one discovered covers up the second.
RPG tip: Review the material on the DM screen every so often to refresh you on the tools you have right in front of you.
RPG tip: Keep track of character hit points so you can get a more accurate gauge of monster difficulty.
RPG tip: Add accessories and details to your terrain builds. The details make it come alive.
RPG tip: Use larger encounter areas with a few rooms. Monsters can come from many sides and the characters might need to split up to keep them at bay.
RPG tip: When a horde of monsters attack the characters you can assume about 1/4 of them will hit. Edge up and down depending on big differences in AC.
RPG tip: Even if you only have ten minutes to prepare for your game, spend those ten minutes on the most important elements of your game prep: Who are the characters? Where will it start? What secrets and clues might they discover?
RPG tip: Even rot grub swarms have interesting physical characteristics that separate them from other rot grub swarms (little mohawks, spiral stripes, ugly spots).
RPG tip: Even in open sandbox scenarios, it helps to clarify what the characters can and can't do. Give some guidelines so they're not completely flailing.
RPG tip: Are the players smiling? You're doing it right.
RPG tip: When putting a big scenario in front of your players, like infiltrating a villa or invading a pirate ship, take the time to understand all of the variables. How will the NPCs act? Where are they going? What do they want?
RPG tip: Clarify when the characters have exhausted all the information they're going to get in a scene. "You're pretty sure you've learned everything you can here."
RPG tip: Let the players discover the number of enemies they're likely to face in a big dynamic area. How many hill giants can they expect to find in the steading of the hill giant chief?
RPG tip: Sometimes skill checks go so catastrophically wrong that it shakes up the whole world. A simple attempted distraction might capsize an entire ship.
RPG tip: Help guide the players' discussion of their plans for an infiltration or ruse. Steer the conversation towards what will likely work, away from what won't, and towards what will bring the most fun for the group.
RPG tip: Hide your secret villains from the characters and leave clues of their existence and their impact on the surrounding world.
RPG tip: In any open situation offer three plausable paths plus any the players come up with themselves.
RPG tip: Are the villains in a hard situation? What would you do in their shoes? Sometimes a pirate captain will scuttle their own ship if it means their own survival and killing the characters.
RPG tip: In "breather episodes" in which the characters return to town, let the players know its coming ahead of time and offer options for downtime activities.
RPG tip: Change out boss monsters based on the backgrounds of the characters. Is a character hunting a black ship-eating whale that ate her parents? Get that sucker into the adventure!
RPG tip: Foreshadow future adventures with quest hooks and rumors the characters hear about around town.
RPG tip: Read one or two chapters ahead in any big campaign adventure you're currently running. Read up the next session within a day of running it.
RPG tip: Prep small add-in encounters to add in when things go quicker than expected in your planned adventure.
RPG tip: Expose multiple paths.
RPG tip: Leave options open for dialog even after combat has begun.
RPG tip: Have quest givers offer multiple quests and let the players choose the ones they want.
RPG tip: Clarify objectives.
RPG tip: Increase the legendary actions, hit points, and damage of legendary monsters for each character above four.
RPG tip: Show maps.
RPG tip: In combat, think about how your monsters would act given the current situation. Would they run? Would they stay and fight? Would they surrender?
RPG tip: Set up big set-piece encounter areas and leave open lots of potential options. Let the characters approach the situation how they will.
RPG tip: Allow for encounters with lots of enemies who act sub-optimally. Sure, there are more than a dozen bullywugs but they're clearly not coordinated.
RPG tip: End with a cliffhanger and give yourself a built-in strong start next game.
RPG tip: Before running any monster, give its lore section in the monster manual a read and see if it fires up any ideas.
RPG tip: Perhaps a malenti, a sahuagin spy and assassin who appears as a sea elf, has infiltrated the local lizardfolk lair as a false ambassador with plans to assassinate the queen.
RPG tip: A gelatinous cube with a single-use magical relic floating inside is its own encapsulated D&D adventure.
RPG tip: A few miniatures on the table just to show general positioning can help players better understand how a battle is going.
RPG tip: Understand how the action economy affects combat difficulty. The number of actions on each side compared to the ither matters a lot. Four on four is much more balanced than one on four.
RPG tip: Keep the number of items you need to run a game small. Only keep what you need.
RPG tip: Award inspiration for creative and detailed descriptions of the previous game session.
RPG tip: Describe the NPCs the characters might want to visit in a downtime scene.
RPG tip: Add rumors to your secrets and clues. You never know what you might learn when hanging around down at the docks.
RPG tip: What plot is your secret villain hatching right now?
RPG tip: Use strange, wondrous, and horrible descriptions to change up common monsters. There are infinite notable variants of the common swarm of insects.
RPG tip: The age of wood and stone has a story to tell.
RPG tip: Switch out villains for ones who have a clear connection to the characters.
RPG tip: In combat, the side with more actions has a big advantage over the side with fewer.
RPG tip: A single monster is roughly equivalent to a single character when it's CR is a quarter of the character's level below level 5 or half the character's level if above level 5.
RPG tip: Foreshadow your adventures with sinister weather or the attitudes of the crowds.
RPG tip: Run small experiments.
RPG tip: Keep your descriptions in the fiction. Don't describe mechanics, describe the story behind them. "You take 8 damage" becomes "The orc's greatsword slashes across your thigh leaving a weeping wound. You take 8 damage."
RPG tip: 500 word bits of flash fiction is a great way to give the characters a glimpse of what happened before. Ship's logs, letters, journals; give them a small taste of the larger story.
RPG tip: In longer mysteries, hold back incriminating evidence until it's time for the discovery.
RPG tip: The warlock's relationship with their patron is a complex one. It can be just as antagonistic as the strength of its bond. Warlocks are not slaves to their patrons.
RPG tip: Be careful turning a liked or beloved NPC into a secret villain. Your players may be committed to them and the betrayal might break them out of the story.
RPG tip: Reskin spells to give villains particularly unique abilities and effects.
RPG tip: You need little more than the core books, an adventure, and some dice to run a great D&D game.
RPG tip: Ask what the characters can do in any given narrative scene.
RPG tip: Model NPCs after interesting characters in books, movies, or TV shows; then change their genders.
RPG tip: Are 5th-10th level characters getting attacked by fifty skeletons? Assume one quarter of the skeletons will hit their targets or make their saving throws.
RPG tip: Sinister and secret plots sometimes are so secret that the characters never discover them. Expose them.
RPG tip: Even smart villains make mistakes and reveal too much of their hand. Even powerful villains sometimes have horrible luck.
RPG tip: Throw in a random conversational NPC if you find you're having too many battles in a row. The characters sometimes need someone to talk to.
RPG tip: There's always another cult.
RPG tip: Review the players' character sheets, not to circumvent their abiltiies but to spotlight their specialities.
RPG tip: Game time starting in ten minutes and you have nothing prepared? Steal a map, write out a strong start, and write down ten secrets and clues.
RPG tip: Give the characters a reason to talk to NPCs and vice versa.
RPG tip: Reveal the wider world through ancient relics, statues, tapestries, scraps of old books, and other elements of ancient history.
RPG tip: Layer your cultists. What secret does the inner circle keep from the outer circle? What's dark secret lies below the four elemental cults?
RPG tip: Keep a collection of good maps handy. Every old tree has a dungeon below it.
RPG tip: Pay attention to the players who, through bad luck, roll low or get hit all the time. Give them a boost somewhere else in the story.
RPG tip: Use the environment as a tool to tell the story.
RPG tip: Discern intent
RPG tip: Mix good things with bad things in your dungeons. Mix in healing fonts, blessing statues, and powerful relics with your acid-bolos, psychic razor-wire, and ethereal javelins.
RPG tip: What is the larger story going on in your dungeon?
RPG tip: Drop in secrets in clues into dungeon crawls so the characters learn the story while navigating the dangers.
RPG tip: Include interesting NPCs in your dungeon crawl such as ghosts, intelligent items, lost explorers, or enemy turncoats.
RPG tip: Telegraph to the players when they'll likely be in a resource-draining dungeon with little to no chance for a rest for some time.
RPG tip: Drop in a sentient weapon.
RPG tip: Drape environments with lore.
RPG tip: Note player interests from downtime scenes.
RPG tip: Move the enemy's plans forward.
RPG tip: Move things forward in towns while the characters are away.
RPG tip: Ensure everyone gets a chance to describe their actions in downtime scenes.
RPG tip: Did someone die and get immediately revified? How many years did they experience in limbo in the seconds that passed in the world?
RPG tip: Make common monsters interesting by shaking up their appearances, weapons, armor, and your descriptions of their attacks.
RPG tip: What does that skeleton smell like? What do its fingers feel like when their ragged ends scrape the character's skin? What drips from their open dead mouths?
RPG tip: Put something in the hand of your NPC.  Spinning knives, twirling moonlight, cats cradle; anything.
RPG tip: A friendly priest casts "aid" on your 1st level party before they begin their adventures.
RPG tip: Highlight three meaningful options for infiltrating the enemies' fortress.
RPG tip: Assume the adventurers are smart, capable, and observant. Clarify what they might see that the players might not realize.
RPG tip: Players have trouble understanding what your describing about half the time. Be patient and clarify.
RPG tip: Give the characters leeway on infiltration missions. The whole dungeon shouldn't come down on the group for a single failed stealth check.
RPG tip: Bathe dungeons in interesting iconography.
RPG tip: Change up the number and types of monsters based on the best forward pace of the adventure.
RPG tip: Avoid awarding similar magic items. Give them something new and cool.
RPG tip: Tie sentient weapon origins to the backgrounds of the character.
RPG tip: Run adventures twice.
RPG tip: Include juicy set-piece battles roughly every other session.
RPG tip: Read over your players' character sheets and come up with interesting hooks to draw them into the story.
RPG tip: Customize monsters with weapons armor and traits from other monsters.
RPG tip: Think about the histories of your characters and their families while considering the history of your world.
RPG tip: Sink your adventure hooks deep.
RPG tip: Introduce shady NPCs that can't simply be killed.
RPG tip: Inspire yourself with cool maps and art.
RPG tip: When running with three or fewer players, tailor the story of the adventure around those characters.
RPG tip: Simplify.
RPG tip: Write for the players at your table.
RPG tip: Use existing stat blocks.
RPG tip: Focus more on the story and less on the mechanics.
RPG tip: When a character counterspells your big boss's big spell, let them.
RPG tip: Put yourself in the mind of your monsters; how would they behave?
RPG tip: Mix monster traits to fit a special creatures unique story.
RPG tip: Customize monsters with flavor.
RPG tip: Spend less time on Twitter and more time reading your source books.
RPG tip: Describe enemy spells by the components they use. Let the players guess what they're casting or use Xanathar's rules for identifying spells.
RPG tip: Save time and money by using a dry-erase marker and a flip mat to draw monsters. Get cool hero minis for the characters.
RPG tip: Offer multiple options for the characters in a big assault. Will they protect the gates? Will they stop the sewer infiltrators? Will they hunt down the assassins?
RPG tip: Are your monsters getting beaten down too quickly? Give the survivors more actions to account for their dead fellows.
RPG tip: More monsters pose a greater challenge than bigger monsters.
RPG tip: Just getting started with D&D? Start with the inexpensive Starter set and the adventure Lost Mine of Phandelver.
RPG tip: Describe even common monsters with the details and flavor that make them unique to the characters.
RPG tip: Shake up the weapons and monsters of humanoids to make them different and exciting.
RPG tip: Enemy NPCs can dual wield even if its not in the stat block.
RPG tip: Describe what's happening in the story instead of the details of the mechanics.
RPG tip: Provoke opportunity attacks. Players love a free hit.
RPG tip: Keep your adventures simple. Let them get complicated when the characters smash up against them.
RPG tip: Take some time to research the history and lore (or write it yourself) for the areas immediately surrounding the characters.
RPG tip: Be prepares to shrink your dungeon to its most interesting rooms if time and pacing demand it.
RPG tip: Let the players plan a strategy but move things forward if the planning starts to get stale or boring.
RPG tip: Tweak monster hit points and damage to suit the upward or downward beat of the scene.
RPG tip: Smile. Laugh. Have fun.
RPG tip: Negotiate. Offer deals.
RPG tip: Areas of effect can almost always be manipulated to hit a single target. Adjudicate those situations fast and easily.
RPG tip: Review your players character sheets. Show off their strengths and note their limitations.
RPG tip: Avoid denial fights. Players want their characters to do stuff.
RPG tip: Don't worry about matching challenge ratings to character levels. A hundred goblins is an awesome fight against a group of 8th level characters.
RPG tip: Use advantage and disadvantage as easy mechanics for improvised terrain features.
RPG tip: Run combat fast and with a focus on the in-world story.
RPG tip: Fall into the fantasy.
RPG tip: Focus on the big picture.
RPG tip: Keep note of who enjoys political intrigue and who prefers more straight forward adventuring. Season to taste.
RPG tip: Recap the cinematics of the previous rounds of combat. (Thanks @JoeManganiello!)
RPG tip: Know when to stay behind the curtain and when to pull it back. Only pull it back if it brings delight to the players.
RPG tip: When in doubt, lean towards revealing too much.
RPG tip: Feel free to announce ACs, DCs, and legendary monster status.
RPG tip: Reskinning is the most powerful of a DM's tools. Skim off of the inertia of others.
RPG tip: Start with a combat to get the players' energy up.
RPG tip: Keep monologues short and sweet. Get to the point.
RPG tip: Good villains think what they're doing is right. Great villains might actually BE right.
RPG tip: Don't assume a conversation won't turn into a fight or a fight might turn into a conversation. Let the pillars bleed together.
RPG tip: Keep some action-packed encounters on hand up the pacing when required.
RPG tip: Characters, and players, want to do stuff. Make things happen.
RPG tip: Develop a menu of options for downtime scenes.
RPG tip: Let players describe and upgrade their lair, home, tavern, or ship.
RPG tip: Steal cities, steal worlds, steal universes, steal the gods themselves!
RPG tip: Build a menu of downtime activities tailored for the characters and their interests.
RPG tip: The strong start is a great place to use a detailed set-piece battlemap. You already know they're going to begin there so there's no railroading.
RPG tip: Focus on the fundamentals.
RPG tip: Teach using the core classes.
RPG tip: When teaching new players, get into the game as fast as possible.
RPG tip: Ask for individual character goals and use downtime as a way to explore them.
RPG tip: Set up situations and let the gameplay style find itself during the game.
RPG tip: When teaching someone new to D&D, show them the core mechanic and then get into the game.
RPG tip: Start with as few tools as you need and add them in when they clearly add to the enjoyment of your game.
RPG tip: Draw maps. Leave blanks. (Thank you Dungeon World!)
RPG tip: Focus on the fiction.
RPG tip: Review the skill proficiencies of the characters and call upon those skills in the game.
RPG tip: Tailor magic items to fit the characters.
RPG tip: When running online, test your audio and video for each player beforehand.
RPG tip: Listen more than you talk.
RPG tip: Run off-line downtime activities when you can't run a regular session.
RPG tip: Keep the game going with email and chat between games.
RPG tip: Reveal grim portents.
RPG tip: Keep the story simple. Let the characters complicate it.
RPG tip: Denote useful location features.
RPG tip: In focused scenes of roleplaying, watch the body language of other players to see if they're getting bored.
RPG tip: Manage time early on in your session.
RPG tip: Extend or shorten battles behind the screen by shifting hit points to suit the desired pacing and beats.
RPG tip: Summarize the current main point of the current story frequently to help players catch up.
RPG tip: Take breaks.
RPG tip: When characters use encounter breaking spells or abilities, let them. You have an infinite number of monsters.
RPG tip: Worry less about tactical challenge and more about what's happening in the world.
RPG tip: Let clerics use channel divinity to boost religious checks in circumstances where it makes sense. Blowing up unholy altars and the like.
RPG tip: The Dungeon Master's Guide includes a selection of maps perfect for improvised gaming. Review them and keep them handy.
RPG tip: Even a quick sketch of a map is better than no map at all. It doesn't have to be fancy but should be real enough in your head to make it feel real to the players.
RPG tip: The best tools help you improvise during the game.
RPG tip: Encourage at least one of your players to take notes during the game.
RPG tip: Ask players to send you pictures of their characters. Use them for initiative tents, character tokens, and other aids. Internalize them.
RPG tip: Let players break out of a fear, stun, or charm by accepting a pile of psychic damage. Maybe 1d10 per CR of the effect.
RPG tip: Hang loose.
RPG tip: Prepare the minis you need when you know you'll need them.
RPG tip: Don't assume how the characters will react to any given situation.
RPG tip: What would happen in your world if the characters weren't there?
RPG tip: Don't steal the kill from a character to support some external story event.
RPG tip: What monsters make sense given the situation?
RPG tip: Project your excitement.
RPG tip: Step away from the news. Grab a D&D sourcebook and escape to another world.
RPG tip: There's a time for deep tactical fun and big explosive narrative. Know the difference.
RPG tip: Be careful slamming the same character down to zero over and over again. What should seem dangerous ends up being just annoying.
RPG tip: Keep your exposition and narrative tight and to the point.
RPG tip: Let players know a downtime session is coming up before they show up so they have some time to consider what they want to do.
RPG tip: Work with the players, not against them.
RPG tip: Try keeping your prep down to a single sheet of paper.
RPG tip: Ask the players regularly what sort of arcs they see for their characters in the campaign.
RPG tip: Adjudicate towards high adventure.
RPG tip: Start and end with the fiction.
RPG tip: Use clear tactical maps for location defense scenarios.
RPG tip: Think as your villain thinks. They make mistakes but learn from them.
RPG tip: Be careful that your political intrigue doesn't turn into the D&D equivalant of eight hours of CSPAN.
RPG tip: Break up political tension with blinding acts of violence.
RPG tip: Use face cards when the characters are interacting with a lot of NPCs.
RPG tip: Keep the number of front-facing NPCs to around three. Too many becomes too hard to keep track of.
RPG tip: You can run multiple battles for a split party simultanously by running one initiative order and jumping back and forth between the two scenes as the init order rolls out.
RPG tip: The best improvements to your D&D game cost no money at all.
RPG tip: Let players use the levels of technology they desire, from integrated Discord bots to rolling dice on the table with a hand-written character sheet.
RPG tip: Know when your players want some tense politics and when they just want to fight the bad guy.
RPG tip: Ask your players what they're enjoying and what they hope for in future games.
RPG tip: Know the lore. know the situation. Adapt.
RPG tip: Use the tools and accessories that help you tell a fun, fluid, and flexible game.
RPG tip: Keep a realistic reign on social media FOMO. The fanciest dice still roll ones.
RPG tip: Craving an old-school feel to your D&D game? Use only the Basic Rules for character generation and cap levels to 6th level. Ignore feats and multiclassing options.
RPG tip: How does the world respond to the characters? That's the primary question that helps us run our games.
RPG tip: Limit battles to three types of monsters or fewer.
RPG tip: When things get stale in combat, change the stakes or switch to fantastic finishes.
RPG tip: Go with what the players bring you.
RPG tip: Avoid a series of hard battles. Let the players enjoy smashing down weaker foes.
RPG tip: Foreshadow future threats early and often.
RPG tip: Help players meet their intent.
RPG tip: Understand The mechanical abilities are the characters so that you can build scenes to make them awesome
RPG tip: How does the world respond to the characters? That's the primary question that helps us run our games.
RPG tip: Don't overuse monster hoards. The game expects between one and twelve monsters.
RPG tip: Ask players what they want from the game as your campaign comes to a close. Give it to them.
RPG tip: Build a fun final battle for the conclusion of your campaign. Give it the time it deserves.
RPG tip: Tell your players to prepare for a "one year later" montage at the end of your campaign. Give them some time to consider it.
RPG tip: Start with the characters and build off of what they bring to the world.
RPG tip: Give players adventure options without urgency to see what types of adventures they want to play.
RPG tip: Use the right background music for relaxation, suspense, and combat.
RPG tip: Ensure there's something for the characters to do in any given location.
RPG tip: Even a basic sketch can help players better visualize the details of combat.
RPG tip: Let the story go perpendicular. Enjoy the change.
RPG tip: Stay in initiative order even in non-combat scenes to ensure every character gets their spotlight.
RPG tip: What hook will draw the characters into the adventure?
RPG tip: Pay special attention to the backgrounds of the characters. Build your game from them.
RPG tip: When running online, use the tools that help you share the story and omit those that use up more time and energy than they're worth.
RPG tip: Run for fewer players when running D&D online. Split your groups.
RPG tip: Facetime or Hangouts is a great way for an absent player to still play.
RPG tip: Keep a long playlist of sinister video game music playing in the background.
RPG tip: Don't judge your games by what you see on the net. Learn from them but remember, you're doing great.
RPG tip: If you have players fooled into thinking you're a good DM, you're a good DM.
RPG tip: Give players an overview of the structure of the city when running big city adventures.
RPG tip: Keep a solid list of random events taking places in big cities to give them continual activity and flavor.
RPG tip: Start your city-based adventures with a big event; a contest, a riot, or a religious festival brings the city to life.
RPG tip: Of your three villains or factions, have one that requires no big moral choice to beat the snot out of.
RPG tip: Every inn, university, or noble house might have an old forgotten dungeon underneath full of dangers and adventure.
RPG tip: Focus your city-based adventures on a particular region or neighborhood.
RPG tip: Give your characters an early headquarters in city-based adventures. Perhaps they hang out in the room above an old inn, a old pawn shop, a tea house, or a gambling hall.
RPG tip: Every outhouse has a gray ooze lurking in the bottom. Sometimes its an otyugh. Sometimes its a purple worm.
RPG tip: Even in dungeon delves, ensure there are opportunities for exploration, roleplaying, and combat.
RPG tip: Two groups seeking the same item is a great way to complicate and otherwise static dungeon.
RPG tip: Let the characters learn about the world through discoveries in ancient crypts, frescoes on ruined temple walls, and strange tattoos on their assailants.
RPG tip: Keep your default levels of sex and violence to PG-13. Think Raiders of the Lost Ark.
RPG tip: Borrow liberally from other RPG products and stick their best pieces into your game.
RPG tip: Want to turn a legendary monster into a normal monster? Ignore legendary resistance, legendary actions, and lair actions. Give it an extra attack on its attack action.
RPG tip: Prepare one scene for every 30 minutes of gameplay.
RPG tip: When playing remote, check in oftem with your players to see how they're feeling about the game.
RPG tip: Review your players' character sheets. Spotlight their strengths.
RPG tip: Which movies feed the theme of your campaign?
RPG tip: Play to your campaign world's strengths.
RPG tip: What song or album is the theme to your adventure or campaign?
RPG tip: Give your players a home base. Let them customize it.
RPG tip: Draw players back into the game by asking for skill checks to reveal details about the situation.
RPG tip: Let the players go shopping before a big party or social event. Ask them how their character prepares for the event.
RPG tip: When developing situations, review the character sheets to ensure you have the right hooks to draw in each character.
RPG tip: Warn characters when it looks like they're about to bite off more than they can chew. The players may not be getting the more subtle warning signs.
RPG tip: Help your players out. They're probably lost about half the time.
RPG tip: Develop exploration hooks and reveal secrets during scenes of social interaction.
RPG tip: When things get slow, a gnoll kicks in the door.
RPG tip: Some monsters are perfectly suited for particular jobs. A mimic spy? Why not!
RPG tip: Set up the situation and steer it towards the fun.
RPG tip: Steer towards the action.
RPG tip: Know the characters' skills. Set up situations that fit them.
RPG tip: Shift the game continually through the three pillars: combat, exploration, and roleplaying.
RPG tip: "What does that look like?" is a great question to draw players into the fiction.
RPG tip: Set things on fire.
RPG tip: Give players forewarning of a coming downtime scene and potential options the characters can follow.
RPG tip: Draw secrets and clues from the intersection of character backgrounds and the lore of the world.
RPG tip: Start strong with an action packed battle against weaker foes to build up the energy of the players.
RPG tip: Know and broadcast regularly what makes your world unique among worlds.
RPG tip: Use a simple visual to show the general positioning of combatants even when running theater of the mind combat.
RPG tip: Keep theater of the mind battles simple and straight forward. Focus on the big stuff.
RPG tip: Know clearly what drives the characters through the story. Why are they doing what they're doing?
RPG tip: Why will your players care about the upcoming story arc and big reveals?
RPG tip: Ensure each scene in your game has lots of opportunities for the characters to act.
RPG tip: Be grand in visuals and specific in details.
RPG tip: Steal from fiction and mash ideas together.
RPG tip: Always be ready to grab what the characters bring to the story and wire it into the game.
RPG tip: Offer three plausible options.
RPG tip: Reward with tangible benefits.
RPG tip: Give 1st level characters five extra hit points.
RPG tip: Be wary of 1st level published adventures. They're often unexpectedly deadly.
RPG tip: What ten fantastic features will the characters find in your next dungeon?
RPG tip: Ensure the characters have things they can do in any given scene. This isn't a movie.
RPG tip: Focus your narration on the most important information in any given scene.
RPG tip: Write down the proficient skills of each character. Tug on those skills to bring the characters into the world.
RPG tip: Remember that players are grasping about half of what you're describing.
RPG tip: Build situations and let the players choose their approach.
RPG tip: Mash together your favorite stories into something entirely new.
RPG tip: Use maps to inspire your adventures.
RPG tip: Give players an overview map of known locations when preparing for a heist.
RPG tip: Use random tables from the Dungeon Masters Guide for inspiration when preparing adventures.
RPG tip: Have a backup communication tool if your main one fails during your online game.
RPG tip: Give players options for roleplaying, exploration, or combat when entering into adventure situations.
RPG tip: Ask players to customize and define their pets, companions, and figurines of wondrous power.
RPG tip: If players struggle with plans; restate the goal, clarify the options, let them in on details they may have missed.
RPG tip: Chasing a single spy through city streets can be as exciting as a big battle against dangerous foes.
RPG tip: Draw out locations, even if it's just for you, to help them solidify from your fuzzy brain into a real place.
RPG tip: Things going slow? Blow something up!
RPG tip: Powerful and dangerous magic items are wonderful vehicles for the story.
RPG tip: Reflavor standard magic items.
RPG tip: Two villainous groups seeking the same item in the same dungeon as the characters is a great way to make the whole dungeon come alive.
RPG tip: Put something interesting in every room.
RPG tip: Stuck for inspiration? Write down ten things for your game. Secrets, locations, hooks, villains, items and so on.
RPG tip: Write out custom downtime activities for each character based on their own interests and backgrounds.
RPG tip: Sometimes a silly encounter can break up the continual grim nature of most encounters. Use them as a break.
RPG tip: Try new tools but don't fool yourself into overweighting their importance in preparing and running a great game. A stack of 3x5 cards can go a long way.
RPG tip: Look at each step you take for your game prep and ask if it's really helping you run a great game next session.
RPG tip: Find and refine the tools that help you prep faster and aid in your flexibility and ability to improvise at your next game.
RPG tip: Look two horizons out.
RPG tip: Use the tools that you love and that get you excited to prep and play.
RPG tip: Strong starts can be good or bad. It may be a parade or it may be a crashing airship full of ghouls.
RPG tip: Always be ready to drop in an interesting conversational NPC into your dungeon.
RPG tip: Give the players enough information to make more meaningful choices than left or right.
RPG tip: Use the tools that keep you and your players focused on the transpiring story.
RPG tip: Inspire yourself with art.
RPG tip: The main DM mechanic: choose a DC between 10 and 20.
RPG tip: What can the characters do in every scene?
RPG tip: Use the tables from chapters 3, 5, and Appendix A of the Dungeon Master's Guide to inspire adventure ideas you can drop in front of the characters and see what types of adventures they want to go on. Build your own job board.
RPG tip: The DM doesn't tell the story. The DM facilitates the story that happens at the table.
RPG tip: Ensure your battles don't continually favor one type of character.
RPG tip: Seek inspiration from everywhere.
RPG tip: Build characters together.
RPG tip: Keep the basics in mind: a quest, a location, some monsters.
RPG tip: Have one scene in hand for every 45 minutes of gameplay.
RPG tip: Build situations and let the characters navigate them.
RPG tip: Improvise encounters based on the situation and evolving circumstances.
RPG tip: Change dungeon configurations to fit the pacing and timing of your adventure.
RPG tip: Dial back the urgency and let the players choose what they want to do.
RPG tip: Provide three meaningful options.
RPG tip: Protect your delicate villains. Players love to pin them down and kill them first.
RPG tip: Waves of combatants is a great way to put the pressure on the characters without overwhelming them completely.
RPG tip: Working off-camera is the easiest way for a villain to screw with the characters and not get instantly killed.
RPG tip: What the villains would reasonably do may not be what's most fun for the group. Just as "that's what my character would do" is a BS excuse for players, "that's what my villains would do" iSs a B excuse for DMs. A bad time is a bad time.
RPG tip: Don't force a story angle to happen if the characters can thwart it. Let the thwarting occur and figure out what would happen next.
RPG tip: Hordes of monsters don't all act in a well coordinated battle. Some get scared, some run in fearlessly, some act smartly. Get into their heads and act as they would act.
RPG tip: Ask for stars and wishes. What did the players love in the previous game? What do they want more of in future games?
RPG tip: Be wary of taking away the characters' stuff.
RPG tip: Keep your descriptions brief and fantastic.
RPG tip: Sometimes even dead villains have laid careful traps and plots for the characters.
RPG tip: Villains need not be strong in combat. Perhaps a single blow would fell them. It's the monsters and obstacles they've put in the way that cause trouble.
RPG tip: Things getting complicated? Default back to an old fashioned dungeon romp.
RPG tip: Drop the dungeons from Princes of the Apocalypse beneath any big town or city.
RPG tip: Use minis and maps to draw the players into the world.
RPG tip: A quick list of who is next to who in what area may be all you need to articulate combat.
RPG tip: Characters above 5th level? Bring on the pain!
RPG tip: Do your characters counterspell? Change how you describe enemy spellcasting to give them time to respond.
RPG tip: Give cool magic weapons. Don't be stingy.
RPG tip: Prep one scene for every 30 to 45 minutes of gameplay.
RPG tip: Aim for six regular players and be willing to run with as few as three.
RPG tip: Aim for a regular day and time every week or two. Try hard to run at that time.
RPG tip: Use your favorite image editor (Preview, MS Paint, whatever) to quickly annotate @DysonLogos maps with evocative descriptions for your D&D game. 
RPG tip: Build quests and adventures from the backgrounds and drives of the characters.
RPG tip: Rescuing people being attacked is a good way to get characters into the adventure without having them continually beset upon.
RPG tip: failed Athletics check? Describe the searing pain that rips down from the side of one's neck to their lower back. A pain that will twinge them awake for three nights.
RPG tip: When improvising scenes or situations, ask yourself what makes sense given the current situation. What would be in those sewers? How would the bad guys prepare ahead of time? What makes sense?
RPG tip: It's common for DMs is to feel unprepared and nervous before the game and feel awesome during and afterwards. No matter how long you've been running games, that nervousness is always there. It'll be fine.
RPG tip: Run published adventures months after their release and capitalize off of the shared experiences of hundreds of other DMs who jumped on it early.
RPG tip: End early. Keep your players hungry for more.
RPG tip: Be careful with majority-led choices. Check in with those who haven't spoken up before choosing the path of those who have.
RPG tip: Build out cool locations for big boss battles.
RPG tip: Give yourself dials to tune battles as they happen. Tweak damage, hit points, number of attacks, spells, and number of combatants when running potentially deadly encounters.
RPG tip: Offer character-driven suggestions for downtime activities if you worry players don't have anything in mind.
RPG tip: Add 3 (1d6) necrotic damage to the wights longsword attacks.
RPG tip: When needed, beef up monsters by giving them an additional attack as part of their attack action.
RPG tip: Choose the tools that help you best stay flexible and able to improvise during the game.
RPG tip: Playing D&D is more important now than ever before. Find ways to get together with your friends and family and share tales of high adventure. 
RPG tip: Take a break every 90 minutes.
RPG tip: Take a walk and ponder your game.
RPG tip: Start and end with the fiction.
RPG tip: What would happen in this situation if the characters didn't exist?
RPG tip: Write lists of ten. Encounters, monsters, story seeds, locations, secrets, etc.
RPG tip: What can the characters do in any given scene?
RPG tip: What skills are the characters proficient in?
RPG tip: Keep some dials on hand to increase or decrease the difficulty of a boss battle while it's going on. Hit points and damage output are the two easy ones.
RPG tip: Let the characters see connections between magical environmental effects and your villains with passive Perception checks.
RPG tip: Think carefully when an enemy would coup de grace one of the characters; telegraph it ahead of time if you can so it isn't a sad surprise.
RPG tip: Think less about puzzles the villains would put in place to thwart characters and more about the environment they built for themselves to operate in.
RPG tip: Smile. Laugh.
RPG tip: Explore other RPGs. Read them even if you don't play them.
RPG tip: When using a marilith, have her make her tail attack first to grapple and restrain her enemy and then make six attacks with advantage &gt;=)
RPG tip: Keep tabs on which villains the players dig and which can safely fade away.
RPG tip: Aim towards satisfying conclusions in battles or be prepared for disappointed players.
RPG tip: Drive the story towards and from the meaningful actions of the characters.
RPG tip: Drive towards opportunities for separated characters to get back together.
RPG tip: Ensure battles have meaning, purpose, and valuable outcomes.
RPG tip: Give players a mix of easy and hard encounters.
RPG tip: When exploring a city, make sure the characters' goals and motivations are clear so the characters aren't wandering aimlessly.
RPG tip: Give your players a trusted contact in strange cities to help guide them.
RPG tip: Inspire yourself with maps.
RPG tip: What monsters make sense for the location?
RPG tip: What locations in the city would YOU want to go to?
RPG tip: Make city locations fantastic and remarkable.
RPG tip: Drop in an interesting encounter during travel from one place to another.
RPG tip: Not comfortable with burning soul coins in Descent into Avernus? Maybe the war machines are powered by demons!
RPG tip: Fill dungeons with what would actually be there, not just what matches the characters' level.
RPG tip: Help players understand how locations work so they can make better decisions to navigate them.
RPG tip: Reiterate quest goals regularly.
RPG tip: Describe the world through the eyes of the characters.
RPG tip: Catastrophe follows a string of failures, not just one.
RPG tip: Reward bold actions.
RPG tip: Dial up the damage on monsters above CR 10.
RPG tip: Find the players who dig your style.
RPG tip: Squeeze all you can out of a campaign setting. Let the players experience all that makes it unique.
RPG tip: Treat 1st level as it's own tier. Avoid monsters higher than CR 1.
RPG tip: Remind the players of what their characters would certainly have remembered.
RPG tip: Give players warning of potential downtime sessions. Give them suggestions if they come up blank.
RPG tip: What ten secrets might the characters uncover in the next session?
RPG tip: Every encounter can teach the players something about the world and the campaign.
RPG tip: Want to know the average hit points of a character at a given level? 7 x level + 3 gives you the answer. A handy number to keep in mind when considering traps, encounters, or hazards.
RPG tip: Listen more than you talk.
RPG tip: Sometimes helping pacifist warforged run a farmer's market is just what we need in our game.
RPG tip: Build locations your players would want to visit.
RPG tip: Beneath the most beautiful garden lies forgotten caves with unspeakable horrors.
RPG tip: Use your fastest image editor to drop location names right onto your favorite map.
RPG tip: What ten things will the characters find in the next dungeon they crawl?
RPG tip: Running lots of monsters? Switch to static damage to speed things along.
RPG tip: When it makes sense, give lower challenge monsters pack tactics to challenge higher-level characters.
RPG tip: If facing demon princes or archdevils, turn on "hard mode" by doubling the damage they inflict.
RPG tip: Build cities with ten locations, monuments, and potential encounters.
RPG tip: Offer three choices.
RPG tip: Fill ruined cities with interesting factions.
RPG tip: Steal liberally from your favorite fiction.
RPG tip: Inspire yourself with your favorite books, movies, or published adventures before your prep.
RPG tip: Build some encounters from the backgrounds of the characters.
RPG tip: How does your world's history present itself to the characters in the present-day world?
RPG tip: When running "theater of the mind" combat reinforce the monks enhanced movement by using the phrase "with your monk-like speed" before describing their options.
RPG tip: Darkvision in full darkness means everything is in dim light and thus imposes disadvantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks and -5 to passive Perception. Torches are still important.
RPG tip: An encounter is potentially deadly if the sum total of monster challenge ratings is greater than half the sum total of character levels, or one quarter of character levels if the characters are below 5th level.
RPG tip: Keep a handful of your favorite maps on hand to fill in improvised locations.
RPG tip: Work with the players, not against them.
RPG tip: Worry less about balanced encounters, encounters per day, and draining character resources. Build encounters naturally from the story and situation.
RPG tip: Always consider what options are available for the characters to talk, explore, or fight their way out of a situation.
RPG tip: When stealing ideas from books or movies, remember that they don't have to play out as they did in the original fiction. Let the characters change how things work out.
RPG tip: Take a break from intricate deep campaigns with a small fun dungeon crawl.
RPG tip: Throw interesting NPCs into your dungeons so characters have someone to interact with without stabbing them.
RPG tip: Looking for some solo D&D fun? Build out your character's background using Xanathar's "This Is Your Life" chapter. Excellent random inspiration to build fun backgrounds.
RPG tip: Bathe dungeons in historical lore. Who built it? Who took it over?
RPG tip: Pool damage when running huge hordes of monsters. Every time the pool takes damage equal to the hit points of one monster, remove one from the horde.
RPG tip: When attacking or rolling saves with huge hordes of monsters, assume one in four succeeds. Round up or down depending on circumstances.
RPG tip: What one word theme summarizes your campaign?
RPG tip: Need a quick dungeon? Grab a map from and annotate it with one or two word descriptions in Paint or Preview.
RPG tip: Shake up scenes of combat, exploration, and roleplaying. Avoid runnng a long series of just one type of scene.
RPG tip: Bake in opportunities for roleplaying, exploration, or combat into most scenes.
RPG tip: Mix up combat encountes with lots of low-challenge monsters and a few with big high-challenge monsters.
RPG tip: Describe how characters might use the environment to their advantage. Offer opportunities for cover or feats of heroism.
RPG tip: Offer deals for moderately risky skill checks to gain advantage on an attack. Applaud it when the character's advantages lower or even remove the risk.
RPG tip: Break up travel scenes with an interesting location backdrop and an encounter that can be approached many different ways.
RPG tip: In treasure bundles offer interesting thematically-rich items through which characters can cast powerful spells a single time.
RPG tip: Tell different players different facts about NPCs they know about out of the game. Let them share their secrets at the table.
RPG tip: Trouble getting inspired for your D&D game? Grab on to the coolest thing in your next session and run with it.
RPG tip: Prepare to improvise but if you know something is going to happen, spend the time to make it awesome.
RPG tip: Describe interesting terrain and offer deals so the characters can use it in cool heroic ways.
RPG tip: Set up situations and let the characters choose how to approach it.
RPG tip: Let the story unfold at the table. Enjoy the surprises.
RPG tip: Build out cities and overland areas with lists of ten interesting locations or features.
RPG tip: Reveal secrets and clues during random encounters to make the world feel chaotic and alive while still moving the story forward.
RPG tip: There are few more powerful tools thank curated randomness. Use your creative brains to fill out adventures fueled wirh random tables.
RPG tip: Develop three geographic exploration routes with three interesting potential features along each route.
RPG tip: Build wilderness encounters from the environment, a fantastic feature, interesting monsters or NPCs, and weather.
RPG tip: The best tools are those that help you stay flexible and improvise during the game.
RPG tip: What choices lie in front of the characters in each upcoming scene?
RPG tip: Wrap random encounters in the history, lore, and secrets of your campaign and your world. Every encounter teaches something.
RPG tip: Drop an interesting encounter in an interesting location in the middle of scenes of overland travel.
RPG tip: Having trouble finding inspiration for your game? Roll on some random tables and see what it fires up in your imagination.
RPG tip: Having trouble with an adventure concept? Go back to the Dungeon Master's Guide and see what it has to say about it.
RPG tip: Diagram multiple paths through a location to help the players make clear decisions.
RPG tip: Describe what spells look like.
RPG tip: Take breaks every 90 minutes.
RPG tip: Most effective way to deal with counterspell? Stay more than 60 feet away from the counterspeller.
RPG tip: Drop non-hostile NPCs into even the most deadly of dungeons.
RPG tip: Regularly outline the choices in front of the characters.
RPG tip: Assume characters act smartly; they see what players often do not.
RPG tip: Offer choices with enough information for informed decisions.
RPG tip: Use the default tokens in Your instincts tell you to customize every token but the default tokens work just as well and you can better spend that time on other aspects of your game prep.
RPG tip: Take notes.
RPG tip: How does the next scene propel the story forward?
RPG tip: Shift the spotlight of the story to the next most interesting and exciting moment. Move quickly past the mundane.
RPG tip: Build out your toolbox with every tool that helps you share stories of high adventure and none of the tools that get in the way.
RPG tip: Let go of old ideas, techniques, and tools you find no longer serve you. Be conscious of your own bias towards loss aversion.
RPG tip: Get VTT tokens for every D&D monster with the Avrae D&D bot's "!token" command in Discord. See 
RPG tip: Reuse and recycle NPCs so the characters maintain continuity with people they've already met.
RPG tip: Make sure the players have something to do in any given scene. It's not enough to simply observe the situation.
RPG tip: Use the environment to tell the story of the world and its history.
RPG tip: Share the history of the world in small bite-sized bits of mysterious and interesting lore.
RPG tip: Include secret doors, rooms, and chambers in your locations.
RPG tip: Use maps with short cuts and loop backs to give a sense of discovery.
RPG tip: Talk to new potential players before they jump into your game; find out if their style matches your own, the other players, and the rest of the game.
RPG tip: The best things you can do to improve your game are free.
RPG tip: The plural of cyclops is "cyclopes" (sy-klo-peas).
RPG tip: Avoid decision paralysis by offering useful information to make informed decisions.
RPG tip: Find the easiest path to bring in a new character and integrate them into the group. The story comes second behind the fun of the game.
RPG tip: Include multiple paths, entrances, secrets, and short cuts.
RPG tip: Build adventures around interesting locations.
RPG tip: Prepare the ingredients you need to cook the story at the table. Don't come to the table with the story already fully prepared.
RPG tip: Wrap traditional monsters in the cool and unique flavor of your world. They're not just armored hill giants, they're the armored giants of Maena's Fist.
RPG tip: Chapter 3 of the Dungeon Master's Guide is an excellent resource for generating straight forward adventure ideas. It should be the first chapter DMs read.
RPG tip: Lost for ideas? Get back to the basics with a fun dungeon romp.
RPG tip: Bathe locations in layers of history, each peeling away revealing frescos of past civilizations.
RPG tip: Size and age are the two easiest ways to make something fantastic.
RPG tip: Expect and prepare for challenging battles above level 10 to take some time.
RPG tip: Give your locations hidden shortcuts the characters can discover and exploit.
RPG tip: Add daily-use spells to typical +1 magic items and a flavorful name to go along with them.
RPG tip: Keep the books you need close at hand.
RPG tip: Ending early is better than ending late.
RPG tip: End a session after major choices and directions have been set. This lets you focus your prep on the right area.
RPG tip: End a session before a major battle so you have time to fully prepare it.
RPG tip: Talk to your players out of game to see what hooks in the campaign grab them and deserve to be resolved.
RPG tip: Easy battles are a great way to let the characters show off what they can do.
RPG tip: Scenes can often fall into exploration, roleplaying, or combat. Don't assume a scene will fall only into a single category.
RPG tip: Take the time to plan your boss battles.
RPG tip: Keep track of story threads important to the players. Resolve as many as you can by the campaign's end.
RPG tip: End campaigns with a "one year later" montage in which each player participates. Warn them ahead of time so they can think about it.
RPG tip: Planning a battle with the disruption of a dark ritual? Consider how the ritual works so players can figure out how to disrupt it.
RPG tip: Trade skill checks for advantage on one's next attack to inject cinematic action into your game.
RPG tip: Give villains magic items and be sure they use them.
RPG tip: Destroying magical objects can usually be done with damage, applicable attribute (skill) checks, or appropriate spells like dispel magic.
RPG tip: Work with each player to build a secret for their character they hang onto throughout a campaign. Let them choose when and how to reveal it.
RPG tip: Build a session zero checklist before you run it.
RPG tip: Have players build characters together during a session zero to integrate their characters together into a cohesive group.
RPG tip: Run a short adventure at 1st level at the end of your session zero and get them to 2nd level quickly.
RPG tip: Give characters a home base they can build up during their campaign.
RPG tip: Inspire yourself with the sourcebooks and adventures from previous versions of the game.
RPG tip: Build your campaign from the characters outward. Where are they? What matters to them? Where can they go?
RPG tip: Help new players mesh well into your group by remembering that what everyone else knows may be brand new to them.
RPG tip: Pay careful attention to inter-character conflict so it doesn't bleed into inter-player conflict.
RPG tip: Even in an established group, going over potentially troublesome subject matter during a session zero is important. Understand what should be handled off screen (veiled) and what lines should not be crossed.
RPG tip: When playing online, offset your lack of understanding through body language by checking in with players individually between games to make sure they're enjoying what's going on.
RPG tip: When playing online, keep your technology stack as simple as you can make it so people can focus on the game and on each other.
RPG tip: Getting lost in the depths of your game? Come back to a fun dungeon romp seeking some treasure and fighting some baddies.
RPG tip: Let your game go in whatever direction it heads as long as it's fun for you and the group. Be flexible.
RPG tip: Use monsters appropriate to the situation and environment.
RPG tip: Worry less about mechanical sub-systems and use flavorful descriptions to get the point across.
RPG tip: Build interesting NPCs by reflavoring characters from your favorite books, movies, and TV shows.
RPG tip: Give villains three evocative nicknames and a sidekick who goes around towns talking about how dangerous and awesome they are.
RPG tip: Give players opportunities for roleplaying, exploration, and combat even all within the same scene.
RPG tip: Use rough abstract maps for quick combat.
RPG tip: Spend time getting to know your players' characters. What do they want? Where do they come from?
RPG tip: Use published adventures as a framework and toolbox to put togeter your own adventures.
RPG tip: Recast the motivations of published NPCs to suit the story unfolding at your own table.
RPG tip: Ask your players regularly what they want for their characters. Write it down and drop it in when you can.
RPG tip: Be ready to drop in options for exploration, roleplaying, or combat depending on the pacing and feeling of the game at the moment.
RPG tip: Bathe your campaign in overarching themes and atmospheres. Drop in clues and flavor of these themes throughout.
RPG tip: End adventure after big decision have been made so you know where to prep next.
RPG tip: When stuck for ideas, get back to the basics of monsters in a dungeon guarding an item the characters need.
RPG tip: Focus your narrative towards offering choices and leading to the actions of the characters.
RPG tip: Mix in unexpected benefits and unexpected complications to keep the pace of the game exciting.
RPG tip: Give players the information their characters would know. Their characters have a far greater understanding in the world than the players do.
RPG tip: Help the players refine their plans towards likely solutions.
RPG tip: Clarify the situation as characters develop their plans.
RPG tip: Bathe the world in fantastic descriptions.
RPG tip: Spice up the world with weather.
RPG tip: Go where the story leads.
RPG tip: Worry less about balancing challenge and draining resources and more about building fun situations the characters can navigate.
RPG tip: Give each town its own theme, flavor, and notable landmark.
RPG tip: Road ambushes are a good way to squeeze a fight into some travel scenes.
RPG tip: Prepare for characters to try to talk their way out of violent confrontations.
RPG tip: Be on the players' side.
RPG tip: Looking for a more open and flexible framework for skill challenges? Check out Progress Clocks from Blades in the Dark. 
RPG tip: Keep a handful of character archetypes from your favorite books, movies, or TV shows on hand to improvise NPC personalities during the game.
RPG tip: Let threads die if the players aren't following them.
RPG tip: Write out a list of ten to twenty cool backdrops for random encounters that make sense for your game's world.
RPG tip: Use single-use magic items to offer continual rewards without making your characters too powerful.
RPG tip: Ambushes are an easy and gripping strong start.
RPG tip: Give players interesting secrets and clues while battling their foes.
RPG tip: During your session zero, ensure characters have a reason and motivation to help townfolk survive the forces of evil.
RPG tip: Getting jumped by ghouls is a good strong start.
RPG tip: Grab onto beloved NPCs with both hands.
RPG tip: Describe your whole campaign with a single word.
RPG tip: Build the world from the characters outward.
RPG tip: Throw out lots of plot threads and let those die that hold little interest.
RPG tip: Use the right tools for the right form of combat.
RPG tip: Always be foreshadowing.
RPG tip: Let the players debate questionable choices. Be prepared to break character and ensure everyone's cool with the result.
RPG tip: Are the characters eating through "hard" encounters? Treat them as one or more levels higher than they are when checking encounter difficulty.
RPG tip: Let NPCs grow as you roleplay them. You may suddenly find an NPC acting completely differently once you step into their character.
RPG tip: Be willing to take the thread of a published adventure into a new area you find more interesting.
RPG tip: Monsters make mistakes. Don't be afraid to let the characters get the upper hand.
RPG tip: Few creatures are more dangerous than the swarm of rats.
RPG tip: Give characters the opportunity to dramatically change the course of the story with a single action or die roll.
RPG tip: Let the story and situation drive appropriate ability checks which further drive the story and situation into new areas.
RPG tip: Think of success and failures as analog dials instead of a binary True or False.
RPG tip: Build hard situations and help the characters navigate them towards success.
RPG tip: Give each town an interesting characteristic that sets it apart from all other towns.
RPG tip: Use your amazing universe-simulating brain to determine the outcomes of a complicated series of ability checks instead of a narrow flowchart.
RPG tip: Ignore complicated sub-systems. Focus on adjudicating the situation, the choices of the characters, and the results of their ability checks. Adjudicate the situation as these things change.
RPG tip: Prep in the fiction, not the mechanics. How does that dark ritual work in the world? Let the characters figure out how to disrupt it and then work with them to find the right mechanics to do so.
RPG tip: Build locations that will make your players say "wow".
RPG tip: Change up the situation round-by-round in big climactic battles that take hour to run.
RPG tip: Don't drop all of the big story reveals at once. Space the out so players have time to digest and enjoy them.
RPG tip: How do the villains relate to the characters?
RPG tip: Give major villains a spokesperson. Antlers the Killer Moose has Thumper, the shit-talking hare.
RPG tip: Plan for multiple possible outcomes in any given situation. Ideally, plan no particular outcome at all.
RPG tip: Give the characters a home base with a unique fantatic feature.
RPG tip: Warn players ahead of time of the potential for downtime so the can plan their actions.
RPG tip: Customize a published campaign adventure by tying it to the characters, their backgrounds, and their goals.
RPG tip: End at the beginning of a huge battle to build a strong start for your next session.
RPG tip: Choose magic items both randomly and from those that make sense for the characters.
RPG tip: Give your villains access to magic items that will soon fall in the hands of the players.
RPG tip: Potions and scrolls are a great way to beef up a villain.
RPG tip: Characters having an easy time? Treat them as one level higher when calculating potentially deadly encounters.
RPG tip: When in doubt, run a dungeon full of cultists. Everyone loves cultists.
RPG tip: Set up situations and let the players choose how their characters navigate them.
RPG tip: Offer three options + any others they come up with.
RPG tip: Keep a list of quest and adventure templates that work well in a variety of situations. Kill the boss; steal the MacGuffin; rescue the prince; stop the ritual; etc.
RPG tip: Look for the spaces in published adventures where you can stick in your own ideas.
RPG tip: Build your physical and mental toolkit to help you facilitate the stories that bloom at the table.
RPG tip: End on cliffhangers.
RPG tip: Add secret doors, secret passages, loops, and short cuts to you dungeon maps or seek those maps that have them.
RPG tip: Prepare and be ready to drop in easy battles, hard battles, interesting discoveries, and interesting NPCs into your dungeon crawls.
RPG tip: Drive narration from the points of view, backgrounds, and skills of the characters. Avoid passive voice narrrations. Let the characters discover the world around them.
RPG tip: Give weak monsters circumstantial advantages when facing high-level characters. Cultists can drink demonic blood to give them advantage and extra necrotic damage before exploding into demons.
RPG tip: Give bosses access to powerful potions, scrolls, and other single-use magic items.
RPG tip: Advantage, disadvantage, inspiration, and the sliding scale of DCs are your tools for improvising just about any situation in D&D.
RPG tip: Write down ten things you learned after running any given session of D&D.
RPG tip: Lean in to the unexpected.
RPG tip: Prep simple adventures.
RPG tip: Add elements of roleplaying, exploration, and discovery inside your long multi-stage battes. You can run an entire D&D game within the bounds of a big battle.
RPG tip: Breathe deep. Your game will be fine.
RPG tip: What did each of your players love in your last game? What do they want to see in the future? Ask them.
RPG tip: Adventures serve as inspiration and frameworks for the stories you and your players to share at the table.
RPG tip: Run simple adventures. Your players will make them complicated.
RPG tip: Keep potential quest to around three. Enough to have meaningful choices but not too many to cause decision paralysis.
RPG tip: Every few sessions ask players what they're enjoying about the campaign and what they'd like to see in future sessions.
RPG tip: Build your world and campaign from the characters outward. Build for your next couple of adventures.
RPG tip: Review your characters first and build in secrets, NPCs, and locations meaningful to those characters.
RPG tip: Secrets and clues are the treasure and rewards for exploration and discovery.
RPG tip: Ensure your players are on board with the theme and structure of your adventure, whether it's an open sandbox or a story-driven campaign.
RPG tip: Use the published material that excites you and looks like the most fun to use.
RPG tip: Add elements of exploration, discovery, and roleplaying into your huge boss battles.
RPG tip: Steal great ideas.
RPG tip: Let characters shine.
RPG tip: Mash ideas together.
RPG tip: Give players time to consider their options for downtime scenes.
RPG tip: Drop fantastic locations and monuments along long overland journeys.
RPG tip: Ask players to describe their killing blow.
RPG tip: Turn killing blows into decisive blows that give defeated bosses an opportunity to negotiate or offer interesting secrets.
RPG tip: Put the characters in hard situations and work with them to escape.
RPG tip: Bathe the world in texture and details.
RPG tip: Put options in front of the players near the end of your game so you know what to prep next.
RPG tip: Tie environmental effects from Tasha's Cauldron of Everything to fantastic monuments the heroes come across in the world.
RPG tip: Avoid story-driven thefts the character's can't stop. Give them a chance to stop the theft or chase down the stolen goods.
RPG tip: Let the villians and minions operate as they would in the world, with the information and capabilities they have. Run them like living people, even in the background.
RPG tip: Little is more fun than two brash bandits who overestimate their chances.
RPG tip: Build situations, describe options, reiterate the goal.
RPG tip: Highlight the fantastic accomplishments of the heroes.
RPG tip: Use heralds that build up the villains for the characters. Sometimes they'll be the most hated NPCs in the game.
RPG tip: Write down a strong start, three to five fantastic locations, and ten secrets the characters might discover and you're all set.
RPG tip: Use critical hits and critical misses as ways to push new directions into the story.
RPG tip: Ask specific players for their thoughts on potential options when the group faces multiple paths.
RPG tip: When desired, give monsters additional attacks when facing a group of characters alone.
RPG tip: Drop an interesting location as the characters travel from one main place to another.
RPG tip: Use rough abstract maps and theater of the mind for smaller battles and more tactical combat for big boss fights.
RPG tip: Run with as few tools as you need to share an awesome story.
RPG tip: Build a group of six players plus two "on call" players and be willing to play with as few as three. It takes six cancellations to not run a game.
RPG tip: Captured enemies serve as easy vehicles for secrets and clues.
RPG tip: Drop in single use magical relics with interesting connections to the world and its mysteries.
RPG tip: Develop an understanding for the offensive and defensive capabilities of the characters; it serves you better than encounter balance tools and tables.
RPG tip: Add fantastic backdrops to your random encounters.
RPG tip: Check in with players often to ensure the game and their character's role in it is going the direction they want it to go.
RPG tip: Shift between easy and challenging fights to the players enjoy the full range of their characters.
RPG tip: Suggest players build and level characters together to work towards complementary abilities.
RPG tip: Regularly reiterate the goals of the adventure or quest.
RPG tip: Players understand half of what you're describing.
RPG tip: Be wary when taking away a player's agency from their character.
RPG tip: Reinforce that a character cannot adversely affect another character without their player's permission.
RPG tip: Give your boss a couple of big dumb brutes to give characters something to banish and otherwise crowd control and a big pile of weak monsters to blast to smitherines.
RPG tip: One-on-one games are a fantastic way to focus a game around the story of a single character. It's a different, yet no less fun, way to play D&D.
RPG tip: What tools do you need to run a game? What gets in the way?
RPG tip: Whenever you have questions, dive back into the story and the NPCs in it. Think through their eyes. What would they do?
RPG tip: At 11th level and above, a battle may be deadly if the sum total of monster challenge ratings is 3/4th the sum total of character levels. Or equal to the sum of character levels if they're 17th or above.
RPG tip: Save time by using existing maps instead of drawing your own.
RPG tip: Adding monsters is the easiest way to make a fight more dangerous.
RPG tip: Highlight the important points of your narration and keep it brief and focused.
RPG tip: 3x5 cards are the DM's secret weapon for preparing and running games.
RPG tip: Save time by avoiding transcribing monster stat blocks. Bookmark your books or online pages instead.
RPG tip: D&D Beyond, Discord, and Avrae together build an excellent online D&D platform.
RPG tip: D&D is, first and foremost, a shared story with random variables. Build out from that core idea.
RPG tip: Ask players to describe interesting physical characteristics of monsters beginning with the letter of the monster's token or in your D&D Beyond Encounter Builder roster.
RPG tip: Give players meaningful options.
RPG tip: Handle NPC battles off-screen. Describe the results rather than roll dice against yourself.
RPG tip: Run a new session zero as new players come into your campaign.
RPG tip: Give players time between sessions to consider their downtime activities.
RPG tip: Random encounters need not be combat. Sometimes its a friendly merchant. Othertimes its an ancient white dragon swooping down on a yeti.
RPG tip: Think big and fantasic with your locations and features. You have an unlimited special effects budget.
RPG tip: Seek books, comics, movies, TV shows, and games that push your imagination into wild new areas. Absorb everything and let it fuel your games.
RPG tip: Find and tie together the intersections between character backgrounds and the stories in a campaign. Is that villain a cousin? Are those prisoners from your village? Is that skeleton a former adventuring colleague?
RPG tip: Run turns for downtime scenes for each character like you would for any other scene. Make sure every character gets to do something and doesn't take too much of the spotlight.
RPG tip: Warn players ahead of time that you'll be including a downtime scene so they can prepare ahead of time.
RPG tip: Offer custom downtime options tied to the characters and the story. Offer what you think they'd want to do.
RPG tip: Use an abstract map or some loose visualization for hard fights against lots of monsters so players have a good idea what they face and how they face them.
RPG tip: Work with the players' intent when running Theater of the Mind combat. What are they trying to do?
RPG tip: Monsters need not act optimally in every battle.
RPG tip: Give players the option to break out of debilitating status effects like Stun by taking damage to break free.
RPG tip: Before your game, spend a minute visualizing you and your friends at the table and ask what you need on hand to run the game. Write a checklist and grab those things before you run the game.
RPG tip: Things you may need to run your game: numbered initiative tents, character minis, monster minis or tokens, flip mat, 3x5 cards, dry erase markers, sharpies, list of random names, monster books, the DMG, the Lazy DMs Workbook.
RPG tip: Let action-starved monsters fire off cool abilities as bonus actions or as part of their attack action so they have a chance to show off their unique characteristics.
RPG tip: Copy and paste or highlight useful bits of lore from published material you can expose to the characters as secrets and clues.
RPG tip: Interesting and useful lore is the reward for exploration.
RPG tip: Put yourself in the shoes of the NPC. See through their eyes. How would they act in the situation?
RPG tip: End on a cliffhanger and set up strong start at your next game.
RPG tip: Delight in the successes of the characters.
RPG tip: Lean towards revealing too much instead of revealing too little.
RPG tip: If a player seems disconnected from the current story, work with them to see how their character might have a deeper connection than either of you realized.
RPG tip: Know when to drop in combat, roleplaying, or exploration based on the current pace of the game.
RPG tip: Bathe your adventures in the details of the world and its history.
RPG tip: What three villains currently weave their webs in the background of your campaign?
RPG tip: Think through the eyes of your NPCs. How do you think they'll act or react?
RPG tip: The day after your game, think about how it went and jot down your own tips.
RPG tip: Check your list of secrets throughout the game to see what you can drop in where.
RPG tip: Copy and paste text from your published adventures and sourcebooks and format them as handouts you can give to your players.
RPG tip: Choose monsters that make sense for the story and situation first and THEN figure out if the challenge meets your intent and the pacing of the game.
RPG tip: Put characters first.
RPG tip: Prep only what you need for your next session.
RPG tip: You get to choose what's canon at your table.
RPG tip: Read the monster manual.
RPG tip: Expose fantastic lore through secrets and clues.
RPG tip: Be a kid again.
RPG tip: Trade cynicism for wonder.
RPG tip: Be brief in descriptions. Get to the action.
RPG tip: What can the characters do in the scene? What choices can they make?
RPG tip: Build situations instead of outlines.
RPG tip: Think about how things work in the world before worrying about mechanics.
RPG tip: Use handouts to organize and focus your game for your players and for you.
RPG tip: It's better to end a session early than to end one late.
RPG tip: End a session after the characters have made a big decision about where to go next.
RPG tip: Change published adventures to suit your players and characters.
RPG tip: Spend time understanding how your players enjoy the game. Are they looking for something relaxed and low key or looking for something brutal and hard core?
RPG tip: End your session right before a big battle and start strong at your next session.
RPG tip: Monsters hitting below their weight class? Give them an extra attack or two.
RPG tip: Build campaigns from the characters outward.
RPG tip: For players, taking and sharing notes is a great way to avoid distractions and be even more useful to the rest of the group.
RPG tip: Short one on one games are a great way to get in some D&D in a short bit of time.
RPG tip: Good cult fanatic tactics: round 1 spirit weapon and sacred flame, round 2 guiding bolt and spirit weapon attack, round 3 inflict wounds and spirit weapon attack.
RPG tip: Reflavor a cult fanatics spells to fit the dark gods they follow.
RPG tip: Offer three choices for new quests and adventures. Prune the options that remain unchosen.
RPG tip: Run survival aspects of your game (food tracking, cold weather travel, encumbrance) as long as it's fun and handwave it when it becomes tedious and boring.
RPG tip: Offer fast travel options such as airships and portals when the world opens up to the characters at higher level.
RPG tip: What are the three possible options the characters discover in the next game?
RPG tip: Your tools and tricks for running great games are there to serve you. You don't owe them anything. Use what works. Modify to suit. Throw things away.
RPG tip: Think about the hooks the characters might have with an NPC you're going to introduce.
RPG tip: Drawing maps may be fun but it isn't necessary. There are hoards of maps out there waiting for you to pilfer.
RPG tip: Integrate new characters quickly through trust and companionship. Describe the heroic spark in their eyes and get quickly past initial distrust.
RPG tip: Build a toolbox in your head of tools and tricks that help you improvise your games at the table.
RPG tip: Offer customized character options for downtime scenes.
RPG tip: Run games and learn from them.
RPG tip: Offer three interesting and meaningful choices.
RPG tip: Skip the boring parts.
RPG tip: Keep an eye on mood, pacing, and beats. Adjust as needed.
RPG tip: Keep a list of locations, NPC's, monsters, and secrets on hand for each session.
RPG tip: When using a virtual tabletop, speed up prep time by turning off the visual grid and turning off "snap to grid". Thus you can spend less time trying to line up imperfectly-aligned map.
RPG tip: Describe the world from the eyes, capabilities, and backgrounds of the characters.
RPG tip: Think of locations is the backgrounds to a play. Give each location an evocative name and three interesting features.
RPG tip: Looking to add morale to your monsters? The DMG has you covered. Roll a DC 10 Wisdom saving thro when it makes sense for a monster to potentially flee.
RPG tip: Non-legendary boss monsters feeling action constrained? Give them an extra action they can take on their turn.
RPG tip: Change the number and type of monsters in published adventures to suit the current pace and feeling at your table. Lots of hard fights? Maybe they only run into one. Having an easy time? Maybe it's a dozen.
RPG tip: Maps are for more than just combat. Use them for exploration and even roleplaying.
RPG tip: Use waves of monsters to keep the pressure up in great big battles. Bring out the boss last.
RPG tip: Subtlety often gets lost in the translation of ideas from DM to players. Sometimes you need to be direct. Describe what their characters notice.
RPG tip: Pool damage done to an entire horde of monsters instead of individually. Every time they take damage equal to the HP of a monster, remove a monster. Round HP to the nearest 5 or 10 to make life easy. Horde hit with an AOE? Remove those who fail their save.
RPG tip: Go with the flow of the game.
RPG tip: Prep published adventures from the path the characters are likely to take.
RPG tip: Alternate between hard battles, potentially easy battles, roleplay scenes, and exploration.
RPG tip: Build paths and choices based on different types of gameplay so players can choose the type of game they enjoy.
RPG tip: Offer suggestions if the players seem to miss obvious solutions.
RPG tip: Treat the characters like experienced adventurers facing life and death decisions.
RPG tip: Find the easiest way to bring in a new character and note the heroic spark in their eye to avoid thirty minute of suspicious questioning.
RPG tip: Give NPCs interesting details to make them easier to remember.
RPG tip: Write down NPC names as soon as they're exposed to the players. They've become real at that point.
RPG tip: Let the characters use the environment to get the edge on their foes.
RPG tip: Characters getting thrown off a cliff? Give them an athletics or acrobatics check to catch themselves and only take a little damage instead of a 20d6 fall.
RPG tip: For a series of ability checks, think about how the situation works in the world first and what needs to be done. Then assign DCs and ability checks to the in-world situations.
RPG tip: When revealing vital but hidden information, call for a group ability check and give the highest roller the information they see.
RPG tip: Call for ability checks and let the players bring forward skills that may be applicable and how they'd use them in the fiction.
RPG tip: Make quick legendary creatures with three legendary resistances and three legendary actions per round with their most appropriate single attack and a non-provoking move.
RPG tip: Add interesting environmental details for big boss fights. Improvise how they behave when the characters mess with them.
RPG tip: Take turns going through downtime scenes. Rely on your abstract secrets and clues to fill in interesting details the characters learn during downtime.
RPG tip: Don't overdo NPC to NPC discussions. Involve the characters as much as possible.
RPG tip: Though you may find yourself in the DM chair because no one else would take it, you may find DMing to be an incredibly rewarding experience. Lean into it.
RPG tip: Focus on the characters. Build the story from them. Keep them in the spotlight.
RPG tip: Avoid DM PCs and tag-along NPCs. Keep the focus on the characters.
RPG tip: Experiment with jump-cuts into high action scenes. "A yeti punches you in the face"".
RPG tip: Run multiple non-legendary bosses simultaneously when characters hit 7th level and above.
RPG tip: Don't get frustrated with banish. Embrace it in the fiction.
RPG tip: Expect the whole feeling of the game to change at certain level increases. 5th feels very different than 4th. 7th feels different than 6th.
RPG tip: Build situations, see how the characters choose to interact with it, adjudicate the world's response.
RPG tip: Give your notes a quick read-through right before your game to internalize what's important.
RPG tip: Higher levels is more than harder monsters. The scope and scale of the whole story should change.
RPG tip: Take a moment to consider the mood and energy level of the table and adjust accordingly.
RPG tip: Give characters opportunities where time isn't a factor and they can take their time to decide on their approach.
RPG tip: Give lots of chances to fail forward in conversations with NPCs. It doesn't have to be one check and done.
RPG tip: Always consider what choices and opportunities for a character's action exist in any given scene. Narrative-only scenes get stale fast.
RPG tip: Jot down three bullets of interesting features for each fantastic location you intended to run.
RPG tip: Listen to audiobooks to hear how narrators describe high fantasy.
RPG tip: Consider how random combat encounters reveal secrets to the characters as they do battle. What can they learn from the fight?
RPG tip: Is a player rolling terribly in a battle? Call on their character to discover interesting or vital secrets during the fight.
RPG tip: Mix up easy battles and hard battles; battles against many foes and battles against a few.
RPG tip: Mix up scenes of roleplaying, exploration, and combat.
RPG tip: Mix in random treasure and treasure selected to support the characters.
RPG tip: Make magic items unique with an origin and a condition. Add history and a cool name.
RPG tip: Include secrets about NPCs, locations, history, gods, villains, and plots.
RPG tip: Expose secrets through artwork, NPCs, magic items, books, scrolls, dreams, portents, and characters' historical knowledge.
RPG tip: Scale up the story of your campaign by orders of magnitude as the characters reach 5th, 11th, and 17th level.
RPG tip: Study the capabilities of the characters both to help you challenge them and let them shine.
RPG tip: Enjoy connecting larger campaign adventures and sharing those connections with the players even if the characters don't understand the connections.
RPG tip: Prepare for any single powerful creature to get banished once the characters reach 7th level.
RPG tip: Three bosses are better than one.
RPG tip: Use the characters' skill proficiencies and passive ability checks to share information as they explore the world.
RPG tip: Share the world through the eyes of the characters. What do they see? What do they notice?
RPG tip: Customize published adventures around the backgrounds and drives of the characters.
RPG tip: Keep things simple. Sometimes a straight-forward dungeon crawl is just the thing.
RPG tip: Ensure friendly NPCs show up even in the darkest dungeons.
RPG tip: Build interesting variant monsters by applying traits from one monster stat block to another.
RPG tip: Don't be afraid to jack up that damage dial on monsters above CR 10.
RPG tip: If you offer a choice, expect players to choose either one. Prepare for them to dive into the wrong answer.
RPG tip: Customize monster stat blocks on the fly. You know better than anyone how a monster might work at your own table.
RPG tip: Don't be stingy with magic items.
RPG tip: Need to roll a d20 but don't have any dice? Use a stopwatch. Look at the tenths and hundredths digits. The hundredths is the single digit. If the tenths is even, that's a 10 + the hundredths. If it's odd it's 0 + the hundredths. A .80 is a 20! 
RPG tip: Dragons make great quest-giving NPCs.
RPG tip: Identify legendary foes.
RPG tip: In big challenging fights, give the characters enemies to crowd control.
RPG tip: Understand the damage output, hit points, and combat capabilities of your specific group. This offers much greater insight than overall challenge ratings.
RPG tip: Give legendary monsters a physical in-world representation of their legendary resistances such as tattoos that wink out, floating ioun stones that explode, or gemstone teeth that crack. Thanks Level-up A5E!
RPG tip: Prepare some in-town events for downtime scenes. What might the characters see or learn about while engaging in their downtime?
RPG tip: Think about how a tough combat challenges the characters instead of just worrying if it's tough.
RPG tip: Use exotic spells from non-core books and third party publishers as a special type of loot.
RPG tip: Tie third-party spells to single-use magic items. That way, if its totally broken, you only have to deal with it once.
RPG tip: End at the beginning of a battle so you know you're going to start strong.
RPG tip: Initiative begins the minute one creature commits a hostile act against another.
RPG tip: Use, re-skin, and tweak existing monsters instead of building your own.
RPG tip: Quick monster stats: AC/DC = 12 + 1/2 CR; HP = 15 * CR; Attack / Proficiencies = 3 + 1/2 CR; Damage = 7 (2d6) per level.
RPG tip: Mix up opportunities for exploration, role play, and combat even when dungeon delving.
RPG tip: Pay attention to the skill proficiency selections of the characters so you know what to tug on during the game
RPG tip: Clarify choices
RPG tip: Represent legendary resistance in-world. Glowing ioun stones, glyphed teeth, stone obelisks, runed scales, layers of magical protection.
RPG tip: Identify legendary foes so players know what to expect.
RPG tip: Understand how the urgency of the story affects the choices of the characters. Turn that urgency dial accordingly.
RPG tip: Don't worry about having to read up on a room when the character enter it in a dungeon crawl. The flexibility of going anywhere is more important than being perfectly prepared.
RPG tip: Use single use or permanent magic items as hooks to explore risky or dangerous situations.
RPG tip: Prompt individual characters on their thoughts about what to do next.
RPG tip: Players used to playing online often stay silent to avoid talking over one another. Ask individuals for their thoughts and choices.
RPG tip: Use random encounter tables to show battles that happened before.
RPG tip: All non-core books are optional. Choose which books and material to include into your campaign instead of allowing everything and having to exclude stuff. Flavor your campaign by the sources allowed.
RPG tip: Tailor your campaign's theme with thematic third party material. Kobold Press in particular. Their stuff is awesome.
RPG tip: Scheming NPCs act in their own best interest. Betrayal isn't inevitable.
RPG tip: Go with something cool or fun even if it breaks some realism.
RPG tip: In more open-world adventures or cities, think about the three places the characters might go in three different directions.
RPG tip: "Pause for a minute" to break character and, as players, discuss and resolve inter-character conflicts.
RPG tip: Let the characters see random encounters wandering by and let them decide if they want to engage them or not.
RPG tip: Be careful dropping traps and surprise attacks on the character whose player is willing to use them to propel the story forward. Don't regularly punish characters for taking initiative in the story.
RPG tip: Take breaks every ninety minutes.
RPG tip: Describe the world through the eyes, backgrounds, and proficiencies of the characters.
RPG tip: Add monsters designed to eat the characters' favorite save-or-suck spells like Banish, Polymorph, Hypnotic Pattern, or Stunning Strike.
RPG tip: Beware the too-long monologue. Let the characters jump in and punch the monologuing villain.
RPG tip: Spells or powers seemingly too good to be true often are. Give them a quick read to see what's being missed.
RPG tip: Greater challenges most often come from more monsters but so too does the duration of the battle.
RPG tip: Focus on the prep time and materials that bring the most fun to your game.
RPG tip: Use rough abstract battle maps with relative distances when players can't visualize pure theater of the mind.
RPG tip: Ask yourself if all the time spent setting up dynamic lighting actually makes your game better.
RPG tip: Focus your time and attention on the parts of your campaign you love the most.
RPG tip: Not digging what you read in a published adventure? Wish it was something else? Do that instead.
RPG tip: Use published material as sources of inspiration to fuel your own adventures.
RPG tip: Be prepared for the characters to attempt negotiation with every monster you drop on the table even if a fight is what they're really after.
RPG tip: Expand or reduce future battles based on the results of the previous. Did they have an easy time? Beef things up. Did they have a rough time? Drop it down.
RPG tip: Reducing monster hit points is the easiest way to tune down the length of combat. Increasing damage is the easiest way to increase danger.
RPG tip: Keep descriptions down to three sentences. Make them fantastic, useful, and oriented towards the characters' actions.
RPG tip: Ask your players what they hope for as you come to the close of your campaign.
RPG tip: Consider the arcs of each character as you come close to the end of your game.
RPG tip: Waves of combatants is a great way to challenge powerful parties without dumping everything on them at once.
RPG tip: Ensure the story evolves in long combat. Give players the opportunity for exploration and roleplaying even as combat rages on.
RPG tip: Low hit points and high damage make for great minions at high levels.
RPG tip: Add 2d6 elemental damage to a monster's attack to boost their threat. Flavor their attacks with the type of element. Dripping acidic claws, necrotic blades, blazing axes, etc.
RPG tip: Describe the world from the characters' point of view.
RPG tip: A "one year later" montage is a great way to hand a character's arc over to their player at the end of a campaign.
RPG tip: Challenge high-level and high-power characters with waves of enemies in a single battle.
RPG tip: Add groups of monsters in big piles the characters can blast or control for fun and profit.
RPG tip: Tie level progression to specific quests or accomplishments in the story of your game. Articulate them up front. Thanks @mattcolville!
RPG tip: Leave at least 30 minutes for the end of your campaign after the final battle. Give the players time to breathe and enjoy their victory.
RPG tip: Build off what the players bring to the story.
RPG tip: Improvise multi-success or failure progress clocks to mirror complex situations in the world.
RPG tip: Internalize the mood, theme, and atmosphere of an adventure and campaign as much as the details.
RPG tip: During your session zero, focus the characters motivations around the theme and drive of the campaign.
RPG tip: Put yourself in the shoes of the NPCs and act as they would act.
RPG tip: Use a "pause for a minute" voice queue so you or any player can break character for a moment, address any issues, and ensure the game is on the right track.
RPG tip: Describe the world from the point of view of the characters.
RPG tip: Keep track of the skills and languages each character knows to aid you in describing the world without breaking to ask.
RPG tip: You have what you need. You'll be great.
RPG tip: Let the players know when it's safe and not safe to split the party.
RPG tip: Remember, it's just a game. Do what you need to do, in or out of character, to keep the game running smoothly.
RPG tip: Consider carefully how you treat the theme of the scene, the adventure, and the campaign. Small changes can have big effects.
RPG tip: From Shawn Merwin's idea of the "unity of effect" - Everything in a scene should (and does!) reinforce the theme and tone of the adventure.
RPG tip: Check in with your players each session to make sure they're happy with the direction things are going.
RPG tip: Know which clues are vital and be ready to drop them in in many different places.
RPG tip: Share too many secrets instead of too few.
RPG tip: Clarify the theme of your adventure and campaign.
RPG tip: You're campaign's theme counts for about half of a player's engagement with the game. The other half focuses on their character.
RPG tip: Make things happen. Let things happen.
RPG tip: The moment a player's character receives a fun single-use magic item is the most enjoyable moment. If they hoard it, that's fine.
RPG tip: Describe. Listen. Respond.
RPG tip: Worry less about overpowered single-use magic items. They may unbalance one battle but that makes a remarkable story.
RPG tip: Clarify choices.
RPG tip: First and formost, players want to watch their characters do cool stuff.
RPG tip: Get the scene to the actions and decisions of the characters as fast as you can.
RPG tip: Ask your players to describe their characters' new tricks when they level so you know what the players are excited about.
RPG tip: Mash up your favorite adventures.
RPG tip: Ask players what their characters think of their current situations and views of the road ahead.
RPG tip: Roll random encounters ahead of time and see if they spark your interest.
RPG tip: Tie random encounters to the rest of the story with well-placed secrets and clues.
RPG tip: Keep an eye on the pacing and feeling of your session and steer it in the right direction.
RPG tip: Strong starts don't need to be combat. The main theme of the strong start is "something happens".
RPG tip: Keep some fun encounters on hand and drop the right one in as needed during your game.
RPG tip: You don't owe anything to your game preparation. If it's working for your game you're doing it right.
RPG tip: What's the one-word theme of your campaign? Write it down and keep it in front of you while preparing and running your games.
RPG tip: Keep the characters in front of you at all times. You never know how how you can draw them into the story.
RPG tip: Stuck for an idea? Write down 10 ideas as fast as you can and see what your brain comes up with.
RPG tip: Grab the knives the players give you but don't stab too deep or they won't give you another.
RPG tip: What's cool? What's fun? What's funny? What makes sense for the situation?
RPG tip: Fun is more important than realism.
RPG tip: Build dungeons quickly with a map, some one- to three-word room descriptions with fantastic monuments, and a handful of potential encounters (good and bad).
RPG tip: Note the players' interest in particular NPCs and double down on them.
RPG tip: Write down NPC names as soon as they're spoken.
RPG tip: End some games early so you have times to ask for stars and wishes. What did each player enjoy so far? What are they hoping for or looking forward to?
RPG tip: Relax and focus on the basics.
RPG tip: Just because a creature has multiattack doesn't mean they have to use it.
RPG tip: Use NPC personalities that reinforce the themes and feeling of the campaign.
RPG tip: What's the one thing you learned from the last game you ran?
RPG tip: Give players the option to declare enemies either killed or "knocked out" even with spells or ranged attacks. Give the players agency over the world to decide if such things happened.
RPG tip: Write down NPC names as soon as they're spoken.
RPG tip: Put yourself in the point of view of the characters and NPCs. What does the world look like to *them*?
RPG tip: Drop friendly or useful NPCs into enemy territory like dungeons or villainous lairs.
RPG tip: Listen. Adjust.
RPG tip: Let characters take out enemy combatants with good ideas and ability checks instead of just damage. "I pick up and body-slam that bandit into the lake."
RPG tip: Use random tables to shake up the status quo.
RPG tip: Lose yourself in the world and the characters.
RPG tip: Take note of who's been quiet. Ask them what their character thinks of the current situation.
RPG tip: Set up an easy and fast system to take notes during the game. Use it.
RPG tip: Don't overstay the welcome of any one scene or situation. Know when to move things along.
RPG tip: Show pictures.
RPG tip: NPC stat blocks are the most reskinnable in the game. Know then and use them.
RPG tip: Ask players to fill in details of the world around them.
RPG tip: Glance at a monster's defenses and damage output along with its CR to gauge how it might play out when it hits your table.
RPG tip: Make a checklist of the things you need to run your game. Check it ten minutes before the game begins.
RPG tip: Alternate between easy fights and hard fights.
RPG tip: Keep a list of treasure you can drop in for the right upward beat.
RPG tip: Be ready for a change in the story's direction when the characters roleplay with important NPCs.
RPG tip: Keep your toolbox lean and focused on running an awesome game.
RPG tip: Ride the flow of the story of the game.
RPG tip: Tokens printed on photo paper and sealed using a 1" epoxy sticker and a 1" circular adhesive magnet are a great alternative to miniatures.
RPG tip: What's the situation? What's the location? What's the goal? Who are the inhabitants?
RPG tip: Use handouts to draw players into the game.
RPG tip: Omit what distracts from the story you share.
RPG tip: Keep the characters' names in front of you all the time.
RPG tip: Let the characters get the edge on their villains.
RPG tip: Replace published NPCs with those who matter to the characters.
RPG tip: Be liberal awarding partial cover when characters seek it out.
RPG tip: If your game jumped forward 14 months into the future in the middle of a session, would you be ready to keep running?
RPG tip: It's really hard to beat the flexibility, portability, and cost of a dry-erase flip mat and some dry-erase markers.
RPG tip: Choose tools that help you improvise during the session.
RPG tip: Run with scissors.
RPG tip: Keep some generic tokens or miniatures on hand for improvised battles.
RPG tip: Wrap fantastic locations in the lore of gods old and new.
RPG tip: Offer three options.
RPG tip: Draw player in through the skills of their characters.
RPG tip: Address the quiet player.
RPG tip: Keep a list of the characters in front of you at all times.
RPG tip: Refine you tools.
RPG tip: Ask your players what they enjoyed and want more of.
RPG tip: Make boring monsters fantastic in your story and narrative.
RPG tip: Clarify when characters get info from unreliable narrators.
RPG tip: Mix monster stat blocks.
RPG tip: Use tabletop terrain as scene set pieces, not just for combat.
RPG tip: Start and end with a bang.
RPG tip: Reintroduce NPCs the players know and love, even love to hate.
RPG tip: Show character secrets through dreams and visions.
RPG tip: Take a walk and think about the drives and backgrounds of the characters in your game.
RPG tip: Try a small new thing in every session.
RPG tip: What's the coolest thing in your next session? Double down on that.
RPG tip: Move quickly to the actions and decisions of the characters.
RPG tip: Build custom magic items for your characters.
RPG tip: Focusing on the characters may be the biggest impact you can have in your game.
RPG tip: Give the characters a headquarters. Let them customize it.
RPG tip: Watch the time.
RPG tip: For some encounters, give players the choice to engage in combat, roleplaying, or skip them completely.
RPG tip: Every scene is an opportunity for the characters to learn something.
RPG tip: Move mysteries forward one clue at a time. Enough to learn something new but not enough to see the whole picture.
RPG tip: Reinforce the theme and feeling of your campaign with each NPC, environment, and worldly description.
RPG tip: Thank your players for taking the time to enjoy a game with you.
RPG tip: Fill your mind with great books, movies, shows, and games.
RPG tip: Find the right music to add atmosphere to your game.
RPG tip: Reflavor animated armor with origins, conditions, and elemental damage.
RPG tip: Let players respec their characters.
RPG tip: Tailor magic items to the backgrounds and interests of the characters.
RPG tip: Quick monster stats: AC / DC = 12 + 1/2 CR; HP = 15 x CR; Attack Bonus / Prof Saves / Prof Skills = 3 + 1/2 CR; damage = 7 x CR
RPG tip: The heist model is a nearly perfect D&D scenario. Choose a goal, choose a location, add inhabitants (some known, some a surprise), allow for some planning, complicate the situation.
RPG tip: What's your villain doing right now? What do they want? What steps are they taking to get there?
RPG tip: Run small experiments.
RPG tip: Think about what cool magic items fit the characters.
RPG tip: Peek at the players' character sheets to fuel ways to spotlight their coolest features.
RPG tip: Mix equal parts humor and sinister.
RPG tip: What tools help you best share stories of high adventure with your friends?
RPG tip: Use dirty tricks to help you improvise during the game.
RPG tip: Start and end with the fiction.
RPG tip: What stats do you *really* need to run a monster?
RPG tip: What choices or actions can the characters take in this scene you're building?
RPG tip: Offer three options to fuel the players' ideas.
RPG tip: Let time expand or contract to support the pacing of the game.
RPG tip: What are you most excited about in your next session?
RPG tip: Focus on the fun parts of your game.
RPG tip: You don't need new mechanics for every new situation. Let ability checks guide new actions.
RPG tip: Don't shame players for missing things. Give them opportunities to refresh their understanding.
RPG tip: Run NPC vs NPC combats in the narrative. Don't bother to roll attacks back and forth.
RPG tip: Mix up scene types between roleplaying, exploration and combat.
RPG tip: Avoid more than one red herring in a row.
RPG tip: Clarify choices in any given scene. Get quickly to "what do you do?".
RPG tip: Break symmetry.
RPG tip: Build great dungeons with clear goals, a cool map, fantastic locations, secrets and clues, interesting NPCs, and dangerous foes.
RPG tip: Drop an interesting location and situation in the middle of travel.
RPG tip: Keep monsters, secrets and clues, and interesting NPCs abstract from the location so you can drop them in anywhere that fits the story and pacing of your game.
RPG tip: Tweak monsters to fit their place in the story.
RPG tip: Build encounters around the location and situation in the world.
RPG tip: Let arcane boss monsters redirect damage done to them to their nearest hapless minions.
RPG tip: Give boss monsters multiple concentration spells tied to nearby destructible pillars.
RPG tip: What groups operate in opposition to the characters' goals?
RPG tip: Skim-read the next part in your published adventure shortly before you run it.
RPG tip: Highlight and take notes in your published books. A mass-produced book just became a unique one.
RPG tip: Take a moment to check in with players to make sure everyone's enjoying what's going on and has an avenue to give you feedback.
RPG tip: Don't be afraid to reiterate your safety tools mid-adventure or mid-campaign.
RPG tip: Let players know if the theme of your campaign is going to shift. Ensure they're still into it.
RPG tip: Every NPC has a name and a title.
RPG tip: Give monsters extra attacks or take them away to help balance an imbalanced economy of actions.
RPG tip: Flavor each room or chamber to reinforce the theme of the adventure or campaign.
RPG tip: Reward characters who takes risks and move the story forward.
RPG tip: Give each character a chance to shine both mechanically and in their story each session.
RPG tip: It's easy to get excited with an NPC you love. Don't overblow your monolog.
RPG tip: Ensure characters have meaningful choices in each scene you run.
RPG tip: Ensure roleplaying scenes give characters useful information.
RPG tip: Who hasn't gotten a magic item recently? Add one they're sure to love.
RPG tip: Reskin monsters into creatures unique for your setting and adventure.
RPG tip: Prepare for your big surprise to get blown early. How does your campaign keep moving forward even if the characters know the answer?
RPG tip: What NPC are you most excited to roleplay next session?
RPG tip: Reskin monster stat blocks into your own twisted horrors.
RPG tip: Aim for more episodic sessions when you know players can't make it from session to session.
RPG tip: Reveal secrets before the players figure them out.
RPG tip: Plan and prepare scenes you can't wait to run.
RPG tip: Move the features of dungeon chambers to the rooms you want them to be in as you play.
RPG tip: Write down one to three interesting features for each chamber in a dungeon.
RPG tip: It's easy for people to talk over one another when playing online. Interrupt the interrupter and pass it to the original talker, then back to the interrupter.
RPG tip: Have a session zero conversation about lag, conversational interruptions, and how you'll deal with it for online games.
RPG tip: During scenes of rest, ask the characters how they feel about the current situation and what it makes them think about from their past.
RPG tip: Don't be afraid to give out vorpal swords. Let them run with scissors.
RPG tip: Give knives, just don't take them. Give your characters campaign-breaking items, alliances, and powers.
RPG tip: Strip down your NPCs to those your players can remember.
RPG tip: Instead of sub-systems focus on ability checks, roleplaying, and your facilitation of events.
RPG tip: Make a checklist of the things you need to run your game. Check it before the game begins.
RPG tip: Use adhesive book tabs to mark monsters in your monster books and make them easily accessible during your game.
RPG tip: Few tools are as usable and flexible as the humble index card.
RPG tip: Use "pause for a minute" as a verbal queue to break character and address situations as players outside of the game.
RPG tip: Maps or terrain need not just be for combat. Give the players a cool view of the room in which their characters engage in crucial conversations.
RPG tip: Reveal the world and situation through the backgrounds, skills, and proficiencies of the characters.
RPG tip: Don't be afraid to end a game early if the timing is right and the situation works better at the beginning of the next game instead of the end of this one.
RPG tip: Give players early warning to think about their "one year later" montage at the end of a campaign. Should they survive, where might they see their characters one year after the events of the campaign?
RPG tip: Important enemies might not die on the final blow. Let them offer one last bit of NPC interaction before they expire.
RPG tip: Read published adventures. Take the parts you like and reshape them into what you want to run.
RPG tip: Write down the targets of past foreshadowing so you remember to bring them back into the story later.
RPG tip: Don't steal the characters' final blow against a big villain by giving it to an NPC or some other external event.
RPG tip: "Pause for a minute" to make sure the players are all good with the characters finishing off a villain.
RPG tip: Clarify the choices the characters currently face.
RPG tip: Add interesting phases to big battles. What new thing happens each round, good or bad?
RPG tip: Add one or two interesting environmental features to big battle arenas.
RPG tip: Give characters interesting options, even at the very end of a campaign.
RPG tip: Don't spend a lot of time with monsters attacking monsters. Go with the narrative and put the spotlight back on the characters.
RPG tip: Give bosses legendary resistances but clearly delineate them as legendary so players don't waste save or suck spells on them.
RPG tip: Follow Level Up Advanced 5e's idea and tie legendary resistances to in-world features like glyphs on a sword or ioun stones floating around one's head.
RPG tip: Tie spells from third party products to scrolls and magic items to gently introduce new features the players haven't seen before.
RPG tip: Modify and customize published adventures based on the characters the players bring to the table.
RPG tip: Add in fun NPCs and villains into published adventures and campaigns to make them your own.
RPG tip: Keep a list of the players and characters in front of you during your prep and during your game.
RPG tip: Ask players for pictures of their characters so all of you have visuals in mind.
RPG tip: Think of a published campaign as one arc in a bigger story you're going to put together as the game moves forward.
RPG tip: Limit character creation source material to steer each campaign in an interesting direction.
RPG tip: Bring interesting third party material into your games. There's a world of fantastic options for our D&D game.
RPG tip: Review a checklist of what you need to run a great game.
RPG tip: Introduce lots of NPCs. Narrow down to the ones the players enjoy the most.
RPG tip: What are the three most interesting features of the city your characters visit?
RPG tip: Ask your players to describe the interesting features of their headquarters.
RPG tip: Introduce NPCs the characters know from their backgrounds.
RPG tip: Tie NPCs to faces. Show pictures.
RPG tip: Print NPC face cards four to a page. Cut them out and keep them in front of the players.
RPG tip: What characteristics make your next NPC unique? What interests your players?
RPG tip: Adding an extra attack can dramatically and easily boost a monster's threat.
RPG tip: In each session give each character a chance to shine both mechanically and in the story.
RPG tip: What's happening in the background while the characters go about their business?
RPG tip: What forgotten tunnels, sewers, chambers, ruins, and caverns lie beneath your city?
RPG tip: Embrace the quantum ogre. Let the world shift in interesting ways as the characters choose their path.
RPG tip: Give boss monsters movement that doesn't provoke opportunity attacks and some extra attacks of their own to make up for the big crosshair on their back.
RPG tip: Balance a large number of characters with a large number of monsters, but expect the battle to go long.
RPG tip: Share observations from the point of view of the characters. What do they see, hear, and know?
RPG tip: Give the characters the opportunity to discover traps. Discovered traps are far more rewarding than sprung traps.
RPG tip: Add traps that make sense for the location, not just ones that "challenge" the characters. Walking right through a bunch of low-level traps is a fun way to enjoy a higher-level character.
RPG tip: The MCDM minion rules are an easy way to run dozens of monsters. Give creatures a trait that, when successfully hit with an attack or failing a saving throw, they die. It's a fast way to get lots of monsters on and off the table.
RPG tip: Give players meaningful choices when exploring a dungeon.
RPG tip: Address the characters of quiet players.
RPG tip: What ten secrets and clues might the characters uncover in your next game?
RPG tip: Focus your game around the plotlines you enjoy the most.
RPG tip: Embrace third party material. Expand your selection of campaigns, adventures, monsters, and character options.
RPG tip: What can the characters learn about the activities of the villains behind the scenes?
RPG tip: Write and email short flash fiction between games to keep players engaged.
RPG tip: Introduce villains early and often.
RPG tip: Foreshadow villains with annoying heralds.
RPG tip: Don't be afraid to let players know when they've crossed a line you don't want crossed.
RPG tip: Extra attacks dramatically increase a monster's threat.
RPG tip: Let characters turn prisoners into turncoats, informants, employees, or good citizens who turn over a new leaf.
RPG tip: Ask players what they look forward to in future sessions.
RPG tip: Let players know what story events lead to new levels.
RPG tip: Give the characters a home base they can evolve and upgrade as their campaign continues.
RPG tip: Give players an easy way to travel back to their home base, even from afar. Shadow-roads, elven gateways, ancient portals, glyphed stones of returning.
RPG tip: Clarify what sources you allow for character creation and clarify how to keep track of this in tools like D&D Beyond.
RPG tip: Embrace third party material.
RPG tip: Be wary of a reliance on digital tools. They don't last the hundreds of years a book does.
RPG tip: What scene excites you to run in your next game?
RPG tip: Ask players to describe their new character abilities to you and the other players whenever they level.
RPG tip: Note what character abilities excite your players. Build encounters to show them off.
RPG tip: Let fantastic art Inspire NPCs, villains, locations, and whole campaigns.
RPG tip: Change campaigns with your own fantastic ideas.
RPG tip: Prep and drive campaigns with the goals and quests of your villains.
RPG tip: Give mini-bossess double HP and maybe an extra attack to set them apart from the rabble.
RPG tip: Prep with handouts. Pack them with important names, places, and plots.
RPG tip: Plan roughly one scene for every 45 minutes of game time.
RPG tip: Recap previous sessions - either provided by you or your players.
RPG tip: Think about the beat and pacing you want to end with in your session and how you might get there.
RPG tip: Break up long travel with interesting encounters and locations along the way
RPG tip: Spend the time to design your big knock-down drag-out set piece battles.
RPG tip: Develop your comfort in improvising smaller situational combat encounters.
RPG tip: Build a library of re-usable encounter maps for improvised battles.
RPG tip: Build battles that let players show off their cool abilities.
RPG tip: Ask players what combat abilities they want to use. Give them situations to use them.
RPG tip: Have players describe the new capabilities of their characters when they level up. Note it in your character notes.
RPG tip: Give players meaningful choices as often as possible.
RPG tip: Print out art and hand it out during the game.
RPG tip: Use third party campaign worlds as a hub for lots of third party content. Build an entirely new flavor of D&D around it.
RPG tip: End on a cliffhanger and your strong start is built in.
RPG tip: Ask players what types of magic items they'd like for their characters.
RPG tip: Write down notes right after a session before you forget them all.
RPG tip: Fill travel with interesting situations with choices to make and lore to discover.
RPG tip: Watch carefully for players having a poor time from bad luck. Find ways to give them an upward beat.
RPG tip: Bathe in the lore of your world, whether your own or published.
RPG tip: Write down page numbers in your notes for quick referencing at the table.
RPG tip: Offer tactical suggestions for hard battles. The characters know more than the players. 
RPG tip: Offer multiple paths with clear choices during travel.
RPG tip: Build two-stage bosses that turn into their final form after their first defeat.
RPG tip: Add environmental features that weaken bosses. Destroy the four unholy glyphs to remove the boss's advantage on all attacks and saving throws.
RPG tip: Reward lots of healing potions for groups with limited healing spells.
RPG tip: Clarify the lack of urgency when traveling so players can go off the trail sometimes and enjoy the sites.
RPG tip: Every few sessions ask your players what they're enjoying about the campaign and what they want to see more of. 
RPG tip: Every few sessions run a "campfire tales" scene in which the players describe what their characters think of the current situation, their hopes for the future, and what it reminds them of from their past.
RPG tip: Combine multiple random encounters together to build something rich and unique.
RPG tip: Prep interesting and unique magic items for each of the characters. Reward them when the time and situation is right.
RPG tip: Build scenes from interesting set pieces, creatures, and situations.
RPG tip: Offer a couple of meaningful choices for paths of overland travel.
RPG tip: Use monuments as the backdrop for a scene.
RPG tip: Make random encounters meaningful with interesting lore and the revelation of secrets and clues.
RPG tip: Describe fantastic features of a city and the locations of most likely interest to the characters and their players.
RPG tip: Tie monuments to the history and theology of your campaign world so the players can learn about it a piece at a time.
RPG tip: Build motivations for the characters to enter the room in combat to avoid the dreaded doorway fight. Flaming walls, hordes of skeletons, necrotic gas. Whatever works.
RPG tip: Build encounters from the story first and challenge rating second.
RPG tip: Paint your adventures and locations in short descriptions of lore, history, and setting.
RPG tip: Double-check spell descriptions. If it feels too good to be true, it probably is.
RPG tip: Tie third-party spells to single-use magic items. If the spell is broken, it only works once.
RPG tip: Let tag-along NPCs handle their part of a battle off-screen. Keep the focus on the characters.
RPG tip: Give the characters secret paths and side quests during travel sequences.
RPG tip: Build fantastic locations from random tables and your own imagination fueled by fantastic fiction.
RPG tip: Use monuments, items, and locations to tell small pieces of the history of the world.
RPG tip: Print or screenshot pictures of NPCs or monsters to hand out during the game.
RPG tip: Look for opportunities for roleplaying and discovery even in the thick of a battle.
RPG tip: Pull on the characters backgrounds during NPC roleplaying. How do the NPCs act based on the characters history?
RPG tip: Note new character features, magic items, and wish lists in your character notes. Review before every session. 
RPG tip: End on a cliffhanger. Give yourself a strong start next session.
RPG tip: Prep scenes with fantastic locations, interesting NPCs, potential secrets to unravel, and a situation to unravel. 
RPG tip: Expose history and narrative in small bites over the course of an adventure.
RPG tip: Dont take away magic items.
RPG tip: Keep a list of potential magic items that fit the characters. Award them when it fits the situation.
RPG tip: Make each magic item unique with a history and, if it makes sense, a once per day spell effect. 
RPG tip: Be wary putting the characters up against undefeatable foes. Its a downward beat before it even begins. 
RPG tip: Dot your maps with small lairs and old ruins to explore as sidequests. 
RPG tip: Draw simple pointcrawl maps by hand. Be a kid again!
RPG tip: Leave blanks in your story and setting. Fill them in as the campaign moves forward.
RPG tip: Don't get too wrapped in the zeitgeist of D&D. Focus on what helps you and your friends enjoy the game around the table. 
RPG tip: It's easy to get overwhelmed with how awesome this game is. Remember it's just a game and focus on what will make it fun at your next session.
RPG tip: Build overland travel like a dungeon with paths and locations instead of hallways and chambers.
RPG tip: Increase the detail of a location only when you know the characters are going there.
RPG tip: Add interesting side locations to your overland travel. Fill them with interesting lore and treasure to discover.
RPG tip: Playing D&D one-on-one is a fantastic way to focus the campaign around a single character and much easier to schedule. Give it a try.
RPG tip: What choices can the characters make in each scene in your next game?
RPG tip: What lore can the character learn about in your next dungeon crawl?
RPG tip: What's the history of that new magic item the characters picked up?
RPG tip: Who inhabited this lair before the characters showed up? Who before that?
RPG tip: What non-hostile NPC frequents this dark lair?
RPG tip: Why are the monsters here? What do they do when they're not busy eating characters?
RPG tip: What traps did this dungeon's occupants set up? Who else ran into them?
RPG tip: Remind players to take careful note of the equipment they buy when they're in town, not when they're already deep in a dungeon.
RPG tip: Build digital tokens quickly and easily, even in the middle of a session, with Token Stamp (google it!).
RPG tip: What horror did the characters unknowingly release when defeating their last foe or accomplishing their last mission?
RPG tip: Focus on the first scene of your next session.
RPG tip: Creating anything faces resistance, including running D&D games. Focus on your process and think about enjoying your time with your friends.
RPG tip: Email your players a day or two before your game to remind them of the game to come.
RPG tip: Keep players engaged by emailing short flash fiction.
RPG tip: Write a secret and clue built around each character. What bit of lore ties each character into the next game?
RPG tip: Let the characters find interesting ways to avoid combat.
RPG tip: Make every magic item unique. Each one is a vehicle for a secret, clue, or piece of lore.
RPG tip: Don't forget about those tag-along NPCs!
RPG tip: Kick yourself out of a creative rut with random tables.
RPG tip: Sharpen your tools and clean your toolbox. What works for your game and what can you discard?
RPG tip: Think about what ties your characters into the world, not what you think they'll do in the next session.
RPG tip: Revel in the joy of playing a game with your friends and family. It's a rare and wonderful thing.
RPG tip: Instead of building a combat encounter, think about what the enemies what and what the characters might learn from them.
RPG tip: Push well-rested characters with waves of combatants.
RPG tip: Give players options for magic items. A strand of the witch queen's hair might weave a ring of fire resistance, a suit of resistant armor, or a flametongue blade.
RPG tip: Develop battles you know are going to happen and prepare to improvise those that *may* happen.
RPG tip: What fantastic feature defines the town or city the characters visit?
RPG tip: What locations in a town are most likely to interest the characters?
RPG tip: Set up musical playlists based on relaxing scenes, sinister and suspenseful scenes, and action-packed combat.
RPG tip: Don't forget what makes this game great -- spending time with our friends and family creating awesome stories together.
RPG tip: Spend extra prep time on the characters; their gear, their hooks in the campaign, and the secrets they haven't yet discovered.
RPG tip: Keep a set of generic tokens (either physical or for online VTTs) handy for improvised combat scenes.
RPG tip: Common D&D tropes become unique and fantastic with the lore we wrap around them.
RPG tip: Bathe in the lore of big world sourcebooks. Take the ideas you love and drop them into your own campaign.
RPG tip: Customize your campaigns with a focus on particular character options.
RPG tip: Build maps with loopbacks, secret hallways, shortcuts, asymmetry, and changes in elevation.
RPG tip: Get characters moving around the battlefield. Give them advantageous positions or dangerous zones to get out of.
RPG tip: Build in ways to ensure your characters get the hell out of the doorway. Pull them with treasure. Push them with fire.
RPG tip: Intelligent magic items are the NPCs that keep on giving.
RPG tip: It's easy to get swept up in the big parts of this hobby. Focus on the characters, your starting scene, cool NPCs, fun locations, and a hook to drive things forward.
RPG tip: Focus extra attention on character-focused secrets, locations, NPCs, and items. Put the characters in the center of the world.
RPG tip: Make quick boss versions of monsters by doubling their hit points and giving them more attacks.
RPG tip: Try other RPGs. 
RPG tip: D&D belongs to you. You decide what to run and how you want to run it. 
RPG tip: Customize the theme of your campaign with third party supplements. 
RPG tip: Give maps deep vertical shafts connecting to the unknown.
RPG tip: Who are the three big movers in your campaign and what are they doing right now?
RPG tip: Prepare your ingredients. Cook at the table. 
RPG tip: How would the dungeon inhabitants behave if the characters weren't there?
RPG tip: When intending to run some downtime scenes in your game, identify potential downtime activities for each character during your prep.
RPG tip: What celebrations might occur around the town the characters visit?
RPG tip: In Theater of the Mind combat, identify which creatures are next to who and describe it between each turn.
RPG tip: What areas in town are the characters likely to want to visit?
RPG tip: Build interesting encounters with fantastic locations, interesting NPCs, and scary monsters.
RPG tip: Roll up a few random magic items during prep. Pick those that make sense to reward during the game.
RPG tip: Try other RPGs.
RPG tip: Occasionally run big multi-wave battles where the characters defend a ruined keep or fortified town or some defensible position.
RPG tip: Add a starving vampire trapped in an oubliette and see how the characters respond.
RPG tip: Bathe monuments in interesting lore, religions, and histories of the region.
RPG tip: Ask your players what character options they're excited to use.
RPG tip: Let any player (and yourself) use "pause for a minute" to break character and clarify things as players around the table.
RPG tip: Write down page numbers in your prep notes.
RPG tip: Use a mixture of theater of the mind, abstract combat, and big tactical encounters. Don't limit yourself to just one style of combat.
RPG tip: When running a heist-style adventure: clarify the goal, give them useful information through recon, understand the typical behavior of the inhabitants, be ready for a complication.
RPG tip: When playing online, call on individual players instead of asking the whole group.
RPG tip: Know which decisions require a unanimous decision and which can be made by the majority.
RPG tip: Show pictures of NPCs.
RPG tip: Have friendly NPCs help the characters off-screen instead of becoming tag-along NPCs.
RPG tip: Act how the NPCs would act.
RPG tip: Underground sewers and caves are a great way to infiltrate a fortified castle or keep.
RPG tip: Develop locations, fill them with inhabitants, give the characters a goal or two, and enjoy how the game unfolds.
RPG tip: Let the characters of missing players handle secondary activities off-screen. Maybe theyre keeping the get-away clear or maybe theyre transferring useful information from a high tower.
RPG tip: Build encounters from what makes sense in the story. Worry about difficulty only if you may inadvertently kill all the characters.
RPG tip: Guards are guards whatever level the characters are. Just because the characters are 7th level doesnt mean all the guards turned into veterans.
RPG tip: Your 5e game is your own. Theres nothing official and nothing third party. Use any 5e material you want to make your game awesome.
RPG tip: Have a backup plan if your favorite digital tools fall apart or start to suck. Relying on only one platform puts your joy of the hobby at risk.
RPG tip: Enemies dont always act optimally. They can be as confused as the characters are.
RPG tip: Give the players options at the end of a session so you can focus your prep on their decision.
RPG tip: Plan for one scene for every 45 minutes of gameplay.
RPG tip: Give your players time to plan and prepare for large scale attacks against defensible positions.
RPG tip: Build combat encounters that show off what the characters can do.
RPG tip: Pool damage done to large numbers of enemies. Remove one every time the pool takes enough damage to kill one of them.
RPG tip: Minions often flee when their boss is killed.
RPG tip: Steer the game towards the decisions and actions of the characters.
RPG tip: For each scene you plan, write down a few things your specific characters might do in the scene.
RPG tip: Show the results of the characters' actions.
RPG tip: Not all dark magic items are cursed.
RPG tip: Let the characters take a specific part in a larger war or military campaign.
RPG tip: Shake up stereotypes. 
RPG tip: Run phased battles. Lots of minions followed by some big bruisers followed by a boss.
RPG tip: Share art, either printed or shared online.
RPG tip: Never forget. The number one goal of an RPG is to get together and share some laughs and tales of high adventure with your friends.
RPG tip: Your friends love you. You're game will be great.
RPG tip: Stack multiple encounters together. Mix in roleplaying and exploration.
RPG tip: Monsters often aren't tactical masterminds. Play them dumb.
RPG tip: Provoke opportunity attacks.
RPG tip: Keep tools on hand to improvise monster statistics at the table.
RPG tip: Keep a handful of basic monster powers you can drop in when you need them.
RPG tip: What's the coolest part of the next session you're going to run?
RPG tip: Print or share overland maps, NPC art, and captured letters as handouts to your players. 
RPG tip: Build monsters on the fly with the Forge of Foes quick monster builder!
RPG tip: Embrace 5e adventures, character supplements, and monster books from many publishers.
RPG tip: Understand how the species and backgrounds of the characters tie them to the world. 
RPG tip: Let the characters get away with shenanigans. 
RPG tip: Add monsters intended to be crowd controlled. 
RPG tip: Put big decisions towards the end of the game so you know where things are heading next. 
RPG tip: Always consider what the characters can do in any given scene. 
RPG tip: End just before a big battle and you have a strong and meaty start to your next game. 
RPG tip: Aim for four players at your game. It's the ideal mix of character synergy and focus.
RPG tip: Build fantastic locations. You have an unlimited special effects budget. 
RPG tip: Instead of rolling monster initiative, just give them a static score of 12.
RPG tip: Ask your players to take notes. Refer to their notes during your recap. 
RPG tip: Write down one cool character-focused event for each character in your next session. 
RPG tip: Ask players for a loose wishlist of magic items every few levels. 
RPG tip: Give magic items a unique name and history. 
RPG tip: What is the history of your fantastic location? What happened here before?
RPG tip: Offer choices. Ensure the characters have something to do. 
RPG tip: Leave mysteries unanswered. 
RPG tip: Spotlight character traits and backgrounds through the eyes and actions of the NPCs. 
RPG tip: Let characters manipulate magical monuments in combat recklessly as a bonus action, potentially suffering damage on a failed attempt.
RPG tip: Give as clear description of the situation that you can. Avoid gotchas.
RPG tip: See the world, NPCs, locations, situations, and items through the eyes of the characters. What do *they* see?
RPG tip: Let NPCs recognize characters and their reputations.
RPG tip: Describe points of interest likely to interest the characters and their specific backgrounds and interests.
RPG tip: Build puzzles or riddles that show off a characters' skills and approaches.
RPG tip: Use random tables to fuel your prep. Build your ideas off of the results.
RPG tip: Don't forget the simplicity of this hobby. It's friends around a table rolling dice and having some laughs. Don't let the game psyche you out.
RPG tip: Think about secrets from the points of view of the characters. Which of them are most likely to reveal the secret?
RPG tip: Grab what the players bring to the table and run with it.
RPG tip: Keep a handful of your favorite monster stat blocks handy. Use them liberally.
RPG tip: Scenes are built from fantastic features, interesting NPCs, cool monsters, intriguing secrets, and eye-opening treasure.
RPG tip: Roll randomly for treasure during prep but select items you know the players are interested in.
RPG tip: Set up situations. Let the players choose their approach.
RPG tip: Give the characters a chance to plan a strategy for a big complex combat encounter. 
RPG tip: Give characters the option to skip random encounters. Let the monsters wander right by.
RPG tip: Lean in on the characters' coolabilities. Put in monsters intended to take in those powerful abilities. 
RPG tip: Mix up treasure with random rolls and items selected for the characters. 
RPG tip: What are your three villains doing right now?
RPG tip: Focus on your next session. 
RPG tip: Don't forget how simple this game is. Don't let the vastness of possibility overwhelm you. 
RPG tip: Give characters something to do in every scene.
RPG tip: Let players name interesting NPCs.
RPG tip: Use third-party spells as features of magic items.
RPG tip: Offer multiple paths when traveling overland.
RPG tip: Provide a graceful way to flee from combat.
RPG tip: Use narrative ability checks when fleeing or chasing enemies.
RPG tip: Include interesting non-combatant NPCs in dungeons or hostile regions.
RPG tip: Introduce lasting, non-mechanical flaws for failed stress checksink-bleeding eyes, odd limps, etc.
RPG tip: Show what came before  slain creatures, broken weapons, warning signs.
RPG tip: Give characters reasons to get out of the doorway and into the room.
RPG tip: Reward high perception checks by giving the characters the jump on hidden enemies.
RPG tip: Use ambivalent undead as secret-revealing NPCs in the darkest dungeons.
RPG tip: Let players discover secret passages to the boss's main sanctum.
RPG tip: Set up situations to give characters a chance to catch sentries off-guard.
RPG tip: Monsters don't always behave optimally. Chaos affects both sides.
RPG tip: Run waves of monsters in big boss fights.
RPG tip: Run some super-hard battles and let the characters get away with lots of shenanigans. 
RPG tip: Let the characters (and players) get a glimpse of the environment in which they're going to engage in a big boss battle.
RPG tip: Keep track of what magic items the characters have. Know who's due for another one.
RPG tip: Give the characters their opportunity to shine when they've prepared something really fun.
RPG tip: Think through the eyes of your villains. There's a time to fight and a time to run.
RPG tip: Offer options with different gameplay styles. Let the players choose between combat, exploration, and roleplaying.
RPG tip: Let the players see the world through the trained eyes of their characters.
RPG tip: Get your player's permission before revealing earthshaking secrets about their character.
RPG tip: Pay attention to which characters haven't gotten a good magic item in a while.
RPG tip: Print individual rooms of a big dungeon. Piece them together like a puzzle during your game.
RPG tip: Print pictures of monsters and NPCs. Pass them around during your game.
RPG tip: Offer to run scenes offline for players who miss a session.
RPG tip: Mix factions in a single location.
RPG tip: Mix random and hand-selected magic items.
RPG tip: Print rooms of a big dungeon on single sheets of paper. Show each one as discovered.
RPG tip: Check in player when dorking with their backstory. Make sure they're cool with your ideas.
RPG tip: Have a big dinner or pot luck with your group an hour before the game.
RPG tip: Celebrate player birthdays.
RPG tip: Add interactive objects into big combat encounters. Have improvisational tools for the effects.
RPG tip: When going into a dungeon, ask about lighting and positioning. Remind them of the limitations of darkvision (disadvantage on perception checks, -5 on passive Perception).
RPG tip: Find music that inspires your game  both during prep and play. 
RPG tip: Offer chances for villainous redemption. 
RPG tip: Offer multiple paths for long-distance travel. 
RPG tip: Keep quick build monster stats on hand. Whip up a simple stat block when you cant be bothered to look up a monster in a book. 
RPG tip: Give custom monsters one or two notable abilities based on their fiction. 
RPG tip: Give every magic item a name and a cool ability. 
RPG tip: Spells are encapsulated mechanics you can tie to monsters or magic items. 
RPG tip: Use a mix of theater of the mind, drawn maps, printed maps, and 3d terrain for various types of combat. Don't force any one approach all the time.
RPG tip: Keep the tools on hand to help you improvise during the game.
RPG tip: Ask yourself how you can hook each character into the next session. What's in it for them specifically?
RPG tip: Run homebrew adventures in published campaign settings get the best of both worlds.
RPG tip: Borrow liberally from published material. Take what works for your game. Dump the rest.
RPG tip: Modify published adventures to fit what you and your friends enjoy at the table.
RPG tip: "That's what the adventure says" is as bad as "that's what my character would do".
RPG tip: Mix up battles against lots of monsters, a handful of monsters, and solo monsters. 
RPG tip: Begin your prep by asking how you'll hook each character into the next session's adventure. 
RPG tip: Lean in on the humor that happens at the table. 
RPG tip: Aim towards what brings the most excitement and fun at the table. 
RPG tip: Mix up simple and complex battles. 
RPG tip: Include interesting NPCs even in the darkest dungeons. 
RPG tip: Build battles to showcase character abilities. 
RPG tip: Introduce cities from the desire of the characters outwards. 
RPG tip: Reveal city locations characters are
RPG tip: Focus cities on one neighborhood at a time. 
RPG tip: What three notable features make your city unique?
RPG tip: Give characters something to do while exploring a city. Seeing it isn't enough. 
RPG tip: Give characters one to three NPCs to help them understand the city around them. 
RPG tip: Spend the time to read up on the cities you plan to run. 
RPG tip: Mix up exploration, roleplaying, and combat encounters. Don't run too much of one series in a row.
RPG tip: Strange healing pools are an easy upward beat in a dangerous dungeon.
RPG tip: Mix up strange magic items and those that directly benefit a character's mechanics in your treasure hoards.
RPG tip: Stick to one or two monster books at a time. Drawing monsters from too many sources can complicate your prep.
RPG tip: Print or screen-shot artwork and show it off during your game.
RPG tip: Treat single "gotcha" monsters as traps. A wraith hidden in an altar or a black pudding lurking in the bottom of a garderobe are fun traps but not big combat encounters.
RPG tip: Paint dungeons with murals, statues, mosaics, and frescoes of their history.
RPG tip: Have a players showing up for just one session? Give them an interesting NPC to play.
RPG tip: Show the characters what happens based on their earlier choices. They avoided hulking tomb guardians who ended up turning the other tomb raiders into mashed potatoes.
RPG tip: Keep things simple. Add complications during the game.
RPG tip: Fill secrets and clues with one-sentense pieces of lore from your game's world.
RPG tip: 9 out of 10 traps should be detected.
RPG tip: Avoid "gotchas". Describe to players the things their characters would definitely notice. Let players roll back if they didn't understand the first time.
RPG tip: Wrap magic items in the lore of your world.
RPG tip: Clearly describe when characters face a foe too powerful to defeat. 
RPG tip: Give characters the option of engaging in wandering encounters or not. 
RPG tip: Plan one scene for roughly every 45 minutes of session time
RPG tip: Prep locations, NPCs, villains, and goals. Let players choose paths and approaches. 
RPG tip: Mix easy combat, hard combat, exploration, and roleplaying scenes. 
RPG tip: Let players choose from three paths forward at the end of a session. 
RPG tip: Draw connections between character backgrounds and the story in front of them. 
RPG tip: Even in sessions of heavy roleplaying and narration make sure there's something for the characters to DO. Focus on opportunities for decisions and actions.
RPG tip: Introduce cities by the locations you think specific characters would be interested in visiting.
RPG tip: Gangsters like hanging out in bath houses.
RPG tip: Focus less on the intentions for a scene such as one focusing on combat, roleplaying, or exploration. Set up the situation and see how it plays out.
RPG tip: Focus on one monster book at a time. Pick out cool monsters befitting your next session's situations.
RPG tip: Write down random NPC names as soon as they're spoken. Keep track of them.
RPG tip: Ask players to take notes and draw maps.
RPG tip: Wrap typical locations and settings in the lore and pantheons of your world.
RPG tip: How are you going to get the characters out of that stupid doorway?
RPG tip: Use published maps as inspiration for your own designs or story ideas.
RPG tip: Game cancelled? Take the extra time to flesh out what you had planned.
RPG tip: Review and refresh your notes as close to game-time as you can.
RPG tip: Pantheons are a fantastic wrapper for otherwise mundane locations. It's not just a crypt. It's a crypt in worship of Anu-Akma!
RPG tip: Don't expect the characters to choose a given path. Be ready to go with whatever choice the characters make.
RPG tip: Reskin published NPCs as character relations  relatives, former lovers, former enemies, lost legends, and so on.
RPG tip: Offer multiple meaningful paths and options in most situations.
RPG tip: Use swarms of undead or necrotic mists to push characters through doorways.
RPG tip: Drop monuments into combat encounters, let the characters manipulate them to shift the environment.
RPG tip: Quick sketches of maps on a dry-erase map work well for dungeon crawls in in-person play. Print out bigger detailed chambers as needed.
RPG tip: Print or post pictures of monsters, NPCs, scenes, and villains. Show them to your players.
RPG tip: Share information freely. Tell the players what their characters would know.
RPG tip: Mix in opportunities for roleplaying right into combat. Talk while you fight!
RPG tip: Keep a list of all those proper names you've been throwing out.
RPG tip: Think about what the monuments in your big set-piece battles do.
RPG tip: Help the players make big choices at the end of a session so you know where things are going to go in the next one.
RPG tip: Move things forward by summarizing the remaining exploration of a completed dungeon.
RPG tip: Tell players when they've fully explored a location.
RPG tip: Designate a note taker and treasure keeper.
RPG tip: Make NPC names distinct from one another. 
RPG tip: Select a handful of solid NPC names during prep. 
RPG tip: Give dungeons multiple potential entrances.  
RPG tip: Warn players when their characters should group back up after splitting up. 
RPG tip: Switch regularly between two or more split up groups of characters. 
RPG tip: Offer options in situations that fit the pillars of combat, exploration, or roleplaying. 
RPG tip: Don't overuse that one well-loved NPC. 
RPG tip: Consider what you really need for your very next session. 
RPG tip: Everyone feels nervous before running a game. Remember your friends love you and just want to have a good time. 
RPG tip: Secrets are the rewards of exploration. 
RPG tip: Build boss battles around waves of combatants.
RPG tip: Give wizards big groups of low hit point monsters to fireball.
RPG tip: Give characters who love to crowd control big weak-willed monsters to banish, polymorph, or hypnotize.
RPG tip: Give heavy-hitters big low-AC monsters they can tank and cut down.
RPG tip: Ask players to describe old memories in impactful situations. 
RPG tip: Offer opportunities for characters to set up businesses, trade routes, and other establishments that operate while they're off adventuring. 
RPG tip: Aim for four to six players.
RPG tip: Consider what choices you offer in any given scene. 
RPG tip: Think about what pitfalls a given scene might have. 
RPG tip: Roll up treasure during prep. 
RPG tip: Mash together mysteries, dungeon crawls, and big battles with waves of opponents into one big adventure. 
RPG tip: Warn your players before running downtime scenes so they can prep their activities. 
RPG tip: Warn players of the dangers their characters face. 
RPG tip: What choices can the characters make in any given scene?
RPG tip: What are the common pitfalls for particular scenes you plan to run? How do you avoid them?
RPG tip: What process do you have for buying or crafting magic items?
RPG tip: Think one adventure out so you can seed your next session in your current one. 
RPG tip: Review old NPCs to see who you can reintroduce into the story. 
RPG tip: What choices can the characters make in each scene you prepare?
RPG tip: Double-check those NPC names to make sure they're not silly. 
RPG tip: Build environments with fun z-axis features. Build with height, not just length and width. 
RPG tip: Focus your prep on the characters outwards. 
RPG tip: Add upward beats when all seems grim. 
RPG tip: Are your players enjoying the theme of your campaign? If not, change it up or move to something new. 
RPG tip: Set up situations instead of combat encounters. 
RPG tip: Build big scenes involving combat, exploration, and roleplaying all mashed together.
RPG tip: Think about your dungeons in three dimensions. What's above and what's below?
RPG tip: Throw in lots of extra monsters and let your characters get away with all sorts of shenanigans.
RPG tip: Let players hurl bad guys off of cliffs.
RPG tip: Provoke opportunity attacks.
RPG tip: Are your characters particularly powerful? Throw more monsters at them.
RPG tip: Avoid stereotypical intelligent creatures. Derro aren't "crazy", they see multiple worlds simultaneously!
RPG tip: Ensure there's a choice and multiple outcomes in every scene.
RPG tip: Strong starts need not be combat but they should draw the characters (and the players) into the game.
RPG tip: What's your minimum viable set of tools and prep to run a great game?
RPG tip: Discard NPCs that don't resonate with the players.
RPG tip: Let the characters' exploits follow ahead of them as they meet new NPCs.
RPG tip: Give gods "masks"; alternative personas they wear while engaging in the world of mortals.
RPG tip: Give each monster you run an interesting flavorful move or power that defines them in the world.
RPG tip: Note the characters' resistances. Attack them with those resistances. 
RPG tip: The higher the characters go, the more monsters you'll want to throw their way. 
RPG tip: Single monsters typically can't stand up to a group of characters above 6th level.  
RPG tip: Give characters several meaningful paths through a location. 
RPG tip: Note the story and game effects of notable features in big combat arenas. 
RPG tip: Build vertical combat arenas. 
RPG tip: Give each magic item a story and unique property or effect.
RPG tip: Keep the characters at the center of your prep. 
RPG tip: What hooks do you have for each character in your next session?
RPG tip: Cut the boring middle. 
RPG tip: Use spells as interesting rewards on single or daily use magic items. 
RPG tip: Draw and show the layout of the location for a heist-style adventure. 
RPG tip: Design magic items around the characters. 
RPG tip: Let monsters get crowd controlled. Have enough that it doesn't completely remove the threat. 
RPG tip: Tell players when they may accidentally trigger multiple groups of monsters.  
RPG tip: Set up a whole location with small groups of monsters who move around and may or may not become aware of the characters. 
RPG tip: The dungeon crawl and the heist are two common adventure models. Know how they work and build around their strengths. 
RPG tip: Embrace shenanigans!
RPG tip: Throw mixtures of low and high CR monsters at your characters. 
RPG tip: Use more monsters and let them get thrown off pits and ledges or banished to the forbidden zone. 
RPG tip: Use random generators to spark your creativity. 
RPG tip: Mix easy battles, hard battles, interesting conversations, and exploration throughout your adventures.
RPG tip: Let mid-bosses be destroyed by good player tactics, surprises, and good luck. You can always whip up another boss.
RPG tip: Use non-core and lesser known spells as powers for single-use or once-per-day magic items.
RPG tip: Shake up battles. Include big single or duo monsters sometimes, huge hordes another time, one-on-one wolfpacks another time. Run easy fights, hard fights, and multiple waves of combatants.
RPG tip: Pathfinder flip mats offer great table-usable and re-usable locations you can use for years. 
RPG tip: Cull your tools. Keep those that help you run awesome games and get rid of the rest.
RPG tip: Reveal secrets anywhere  carved into old dead trees, whispered among tavern patrons, or shouted out from villains as you engage them in combat.
RPG tip: Change up the themes and feeling of your adventure arc by focusing exclusively on a new monster book.
RPG tip: Prep in the space where youre going to run your game. Visualize what itll be like to play. Fill in the gaps.
RPG tip: Build three musical playlists to run during your game: Relaxing, sinister, and battle music.
RPG tip: Worry less about the larger D&D and RPG zeitgeist. What do you want and need to have a great time playing games with your friends?
RPG tip: Run small experiments.
RPG tip: Ask players what mechanics theyre eager to see play out in the game. Build encounters to show them off.
RPG tip: Great table aids: blue sticky tack, index cards, adhesive re-usable bookmarks, generic tokens, Pathfinder flip mat, dry-erase markers, big flat acrylic sheet.
RPG tip: Use the 13th Age escape rule. The group can run from combat, avoiding further attacks and collecting downed allies but at the cost of a significant shift in the story.
RPG tip: Let enemies retreat when you think it makes sense to them to do so.
RPG tip: Use the simplest tools you need to help you run your game.
RPG tip: Take a deep breath. Your friends love you and want to have a great time. Youre all on the same side sharing an awesome story together.
RPG tip: Worry less about the TTRPG industry news and the larger zeitgeist and focus on running an awesome game for your friends.
RPG tip: Spill too many secrets.
RPG tip: Clarify out of game what the characters learned in-game.
RPG tip: Give bosses strong protections and include easily disrupted lackeys. 
RPG tip: Tie the history of magic items to the story, the wielder, and the character who may acquire it.
RPG tip: Build interesting environmental effects into boss fights.
RPG tip: Have a good handle on the mechanics of unique combat monuments like godly statues protecting boss monsters.
RPG tip: Damage is the strongest dial in combat.
RPG tip: Note the many types of combat: big boss battles, set-piece battles, small skirmishes, conversations-gone-wrong. Know how best to run them and what tools you need to do so.
RPG tip: Give characters a single-use nuclear bomb. See what they do with it.
RPG tip: Only have a few minutes to prep? Plan a strong start and write ten secrets the characters might discover in the game. Add in anything else you really need such as locations, monsters, treasure.
RPG tip: Need a map in a hurry? Grab one from Dyson Logos!
RPG tip: Rely on random treasure generators to inspire your rewards.
RPG tip: Add a daily-use spell to typical magic items for a unique treasure your players will love.
RPG tip: Narrow your campaign down to the big final scene as you get close to the end.
RPG tip: Build monuments in battle like monsters. Choose their CR, AC / DC, hit points, and damage if needed. Successful skill checks apply damage equal to a portion of their HP such as 1/2 or 1/3.
RPG tip: Choose the components you want to build the D&D you want at the table. Only you and your players get to choose what you want to run.
RPG tip: Give new characters the "Heroic Spark" and avoid the tiresome "who the hell is this guy" moment of their introduction.
RPG tip: Understand and reinforce what motivates the characters to risk their lives in such dangerous places.
RPG tip: Print maps and annotate with a pen. 
RPG tip: Your prep notes are just for you. They don't have to be fancy or complete.
RPG tip: Write notes to spark your memory and imagination not to publish.
RPG tip: Choose monsters that make sense for the situation. Then check to see if that might inadvertently wipe the characters. 
RPG tip: Know the play structure of various situations like dungeon delving or overland exploration. How do these situations play at the table?
RPG tip: Print or share pictures of NPCs with names and titles. 
RPG tip: Draw and share maps of cities, towns, and settlements noting important locations and landmarks. 
RPG tip: Have encounters in your back pocket that go against the potential flow of the adventure. Combat encounters for mostly roleplay sessions. Upward beat NPC interactions in dungeons. 
RPG tip: Set up larger "situations of situations" where characters can choose many locations or factions to follow or thwart. 
RPG tip: Have locations of light in the darkest cities. 
RPG tip: Let the characters' reputation precede them. 
RPG tip: Offer paths and clarify gameplay styles. Negotiate your way through city streets or fight monsters in the sewers. 
RPG tip: Don't depend on digital tools for your happiness with your favorite RPG.
RPG tip: Offer multiple paths. Prep enough to fill out whichever ones your players choose.
RPG tip: Restate and reinforce the characters' goals often.
RPG tip: When things get complicated in the story, add another complication.
RPG tip: There's always another faction.
RPG tip: Fill your mind with fantastic fiction books, movies, TV shows, games.
RPG tip: Layer history under the streets of your cities.
RPG tip: Continually expand and contract the aperture of your lens to keep the focus on the fun parts of the game.
RPG tip: Know the capabilities of the characters. Showcase their strengths.
RPG tip: You're the architect of your game. The books and rules are tools you can use or discard to serve that game.
RPG tip: Use paper character sheets.
RPG tip: Buy physical books.
RPG tip: Support independent publishers.
RPG tip: Don't let your game depend on any digital tool.
RPG tip: Mix up small improvised encounters with big set-piece battles.
RPG tip: Dont worry about saving time  focus on appropriate pacing.
RPG tip: Steal ideas from movies, books, TV shows, and video games.
RPG tip: Reveal information in the second person. What do the characters discover?
RPG tip: Use initiative when characters split up. Keep the spotlight moving.
RPG tip: Avoid linear maps. Give players meaningful options. Steer them towards the fun.
RPG tip: Never forget  your goal is to have a great time laughing and sharing stories with your friends.
RPG tip: Keep things simple. Focus on prepping a fun session for your friends. 
RPG tip: We each get to decide what D&D is to us. Don't be afraid to make it your own.
RPG tip: Focus characters around factions for deadlier games so character motivations continue even when characters die. 
RPG tip: Don't let others determine your happiness with your games. 
RPG tip: Boil your next game to its minimum and build up from there. 
RPG tip: Ask questions. Write down answers. 
RPG tip: Read your sourcebooks. 
RPG tip: Build complex combat encounters with two or three complementary monster types.
RPG tip: Use simple stat blocks for lieutenants of more complicated boss monsters.
RPG tip: Use environmental effects that either side can turn to their advantage. 
RPG tip: Focus on the flavor of spells more than their mechanics.
RPG tip: When your players come up with something awesome, lean into it.
RPG tip: Print maps, write simple descriptions.
RPG tip: What would be going on at this location if the characters weren't around?
RPG tip: Find ways to get the characters into the room. Hallway fights are boring.
RPG tip: Build a series of rooms together as one big multi-dimensional encounter.
RPG tip: Use GM rule and sourcebooks from many different 5e publishers.
RPG tip: The Trials and Treasure book from Level Up Advanced 5e is a fantastic drop-in replacement for the DMG.
RPG tip: Give characters the chance to craft interesting magic items.
RPG tip: Build environments that showcase character abilities.
RPG tip: Build your own game from your favorite components behind the GM screen.
RPG tip: Write out a loose outline of scenes even if you know they could go off track.
RPG tip: Prep NPCs with appearance, mannerisms, and motivations. What do they want? What would they be doing if the characters aren't around?
RPG tip: Avoid chains of hard combat. Throw in easy fights, conversations, and elements of exploration.
RPG tip: What can the characters learn in your next game?
RPG tip: Use maps and minis for conversations. Use theater of the mind for combat.
RPG tip: Let characters knock bad guys into their own traps and make your players love you forever.
RPG tip: Put choices and options in front of your players near the end of a session so you know what to prep next.
RPG tip: Expect single monsters to be taken out with a single ability above 7th level. 
RPG tip: What did this location used to be?
RPG tip: The enemy of their enemy may be their friend.
RPG tip: Be very careful taking agency away from a character.
RPG tip: Go around the table for quick initiative during small battles. 
RPG tip: Use a d6 as an oracle die to determine things like guard patrols or other random events. 
RPG tip: Ask players to discuss new abilities when they level up. Write them down.
RPG tip: Keep the situation dynamic in big battles. Change up the tactics and environment. 
RPG tip: Roleplay villains in combat. What do they say? How do they react to the characters?
RPG tip: More monsters are a bigger threat than big monsters. 
RPG tip: Boss monsters almost always have allies. 
RPG tip: Intelligent magic items are tag-along NPCs who dont take up the spotlight. 
RPG tip: Did a character die? Give their player an NPC to control. 
RPG tip: Set up hard set piece battles with lots of monsters and then lean in on cool character ideas. 
RPG tip: Pool damage in one tally for large groups of monsters. Each time it has enough damage to kill a monster, remove the last monster hit. 
RPG tip: Roll once for several attacks or saves for large numbers of monsters. Choose a number of rolls and divide total damage by the number of rolls.
RPG tip: For quick skirmishes, go around the table or alphabetically instead of rolling for initiative. 
RPG tip: Ask players to describe new features to the group when they level up. 
RPG tip: Let characters build their own safe haven for resting even in the darkest dungeons. 
RPG tip: Feeling overwhelmed? Boil your next session down to its most necessary elements: a strong start, a map, some monsters, and some discoveries. 
RPG tip: Improvise monsters with core stats and an interesting feature or two.
RPG tip: Watch out for the long monologue. Get to character decisions quickly. 
RPG tip: Let players customize improvised home bases. 
RPG tip: Make it clear when social chatter has stopped and the game begins. 
RPG tip: Clarify the need for player consensus on in-world conflicts. 
RPG tip: Use table tools and notebooks you love and connect you to the joy of the game. 
RPG tip: Have an easy way to take notes during the game. 
RPG tip: A weird trans-dimensional home base is a great way to bring in irregular characters. 
RPG tip: Give each monster type one cool unique defining ability. 
RPG tip: Draw quick maps to orient players during a dungeon crawl. 
RPG tip: Ask one player to act as the cartographer. 
RPG tip: Ask one player to manage initiative. 
RPG tip: Ask one or more players to be the official note taker. Ask them to share their notes with the group. 
RPG tip: Always include a friendly NPC the characters can talk to. 
RPG tip: Run a mix of easy and challenging encounters. 
RPG tip: Write your own map key on a printed map.
RPG tip: For dungeons, focus on one or two word descriptions for each chamber. Save longer descriptions for complicated set-piece chambers.
RPG tip: Build your own binder with your favorite reference pages in it.
RPG tip: Stuck for an idea? Write down ten and pick the best one.
RPG tip: Need inspiration? Take a walk and let your mind wander.
RPG tip: Find a suite of tools for your prep that you love and you'll be drawn to use it.
RPG tip: Put dialog-friendly NPCs in the deepest dungeons  talking statues, paintings, magic items, or ghosts. Everyone wants a friend!
RPG tip: Name villains and sentient opponents. Make each one unique.
RPG tip: Have players identify monsters with interesting physical characteristics.
RPG tip: Add an interesting usable environmental object or effect into significant combat encounters.
RPG tip: Tie clues, treasure, and MacGuffins to the backgrounds, knowledge, and history of the characters.
RPG tip: Reveal the world through the eyes of the characters.
RPG tip: Ask each character what they think about from their past and their current larger goals during short or long rests.
RPG tip: Show the characters the worldly results of their actions.
RPG tip: Challenge high-level characters by attacking several vectors: AC, various saves, area attacks, advantageous terrain, flippable environmental effects, and so on.
RPG tip: Benchmark encounters with the Lazy Encounter Benchmark: A battle may be deadly if the sum total of monster CRs is 1/4 the total of character levels; or half of character levels if they're 5th level or above. 
RPG tip: Tweak the lazy encounter benchmark based on what you know of the characters. Really powerful? Pretend there is one additional character of the party's level.
RPG tip: Warn players when they're going to enter a big long fight. Change the fight and keep up the story to keep long battles interesting.
RPG tip: Include switchable terrain that works *against* the characters at first and *for* them later on. A unholy effigy gives evil creatures advantage but gives characters advantage when turned into a holy effigy.
RPG tip: Level characters after significant accomplishments in the story.
RPG tip: Damage is the biggest threat a monster offers that doesn't take agency away from the characters. Want a bigger threat? Do more damage.
RPG tip: Show players the results in the world of the choices they made. 
RPG tip: Show players how powerful their characters have become. 
RPG tip: Throw in lots of low CR monsters to fireball or turn or otherwise blow away. 
RPG tip: Always lean towards putting meaningful choices in front of the players. 
RPG tip: Clarify goals selected by the characters often -- at least once per session. 
RPG tip: Bring old NPCs back and show how theyve changed. 
RPG tip: Mix your adventure types. Dungeon crawls, heists, and intrigue all work together into a unique mashup of an adventure. 
RPG tip: Give players the option to avoid monsters if desired. 
RPG tip: Test future boss fights with similar but reskinned interim battles. 
RPG tip: Mix your adventure types. Dungeon crawls, heists, and intrigue all work together into a unique mashup of an adventure. 
RPG tip: Give players the option to avoid monsters if desired. 
RPG tip: Test future boss fights with similar but reskinned interim battles. 
RPG tip: Each session think about the hooks between each character and elements from the next adventure. 
RPG tip: Give big monsters a way to threaten back-line characters. 
RPG tip: Give characters a painful option to break out of effects that take away their actions. 
RPG tip: Mix and match 5e elements from several published sourcebooks. 
RPG tip: Bathe your dungeon crawl in interesting lore. 
RPG tip: Challenge high level characters by attacking several points  AC, saves, death saves, exhaustion, hit points, cumulative -1 penalties, and so on.
RPG tip: Build big arenas for big boss battles with interesting terrain and layers of monsters.
RPG tip: Offer weapon enchantment gemstones any character can affix to a weapon or armor to make it magical.
RPG tip: Let the characters glimpse their final villains. Make villains and boss monsters ever present.
RPG tip: With six regular players and two on-call players, five people have to cancel before you cant get four to the table for a game.
RPG tip: Print maps, pen in one- or two-word room descriptions, and make a list of potential inhabitants.
RPG tip: Roll up treasure horde parcels and jot them down in your notes. Distribute them when it makes sense.
RPG tip: Offer opportunities for roleplaying even in the depths of the darkest dungeons. 
RPG tip: Mix up battles with several smaller foes and fewer large foes. 
RPG tip: Build encounters first from the fiction. What makes sense?
RPG tip: Add motivation and distance rolls to random encounters for unique experiences. 
RPG tip: Include interactive monuments in bigger battles. 
RPG tip: Write down connections between the characters and the next session youre running. 
RPG tip: Single monsters are at a significant disadvantage against a group of characters. This gets worse the higher level the characters are.
RPG tip: Give characters and players a warning when theyre facing a foe beyond their capabilities. 
RPG tip: Use rolls for distance and motivation to change up random encounters. 
RPG tip: Improvise connections between random encounters and the larger story through secrets and clues. 
RPG tip: Build your own 5e from the sources that bring you the coolest options for your game. 
RPG tip: Clarify options and choices. 
RPG tip: Print maps, write down one- or two-word descriptions.  
RPG tip: Build encounters, secrets, NPCs, monsters, and treasure from the characters outward.
RPG tip: Skip scenes or locations if theres no chance to learn something interesting or useful in them. 
RPG tip: Spend time building and planning your big boss encounters. 
RPG tip: Clarify choices. 
RPG tip: Use the opportunity at your game to step away from real life and enjoy tales of high fantasy with your friends.
RPG tip: Drop in potions or concoctions that let characters receive the equivalent of a long rest. 
RPG tip: Challenge high level characters with waves of combatants   hordes of low challenge monsters, a few even-power monsters, and huge heavy hitters. 
RPG tip: Let players learn about changing circumstances through the dialog of their opponents.
RPG tip: Make every character shine. 
RPG tip: Lean into the characters BS. 
RPG tip: Focus on enjoying spending time with your friends. 
RPG tip: Run lots of monsters sub-optimally. 
RPG tip: Add flavor and story every turn in combat. 
RPG tip: Set up monsters to show off character abilities. 
RPG tip: Build awesome boss fights with a variety of monsters, waves of combatants, cool environmental effects, and wild terrain. 
RPG tip: At the end of your campaign, ask the characters to describe where their characters are one year later. Write down and share their stories. 
RPG tip: Ask players what they want and where they want their characters to go as you close out your campaign. 
RPG tip: Have players build characters together at a session zero so they can build their characters off of one another. 
RPG tip: Mash up multiple encounters into one big fun complicated scene. 
RPG tip: Build encounters around an interesting set piece or monument to define the physical location and give players something to play off of. 
RPG tip: Keep track of current and previous NPCs in a big list with a name and a few descriptive words. 
RPG tip: Roll a d20 to see how the lives of off-screen NPCs have been going. The higher the roll, the better things have been going for them.
RPG tip: Read over your material just before running your game. 
RPG tip: Give players plenty of time to build characters together at your session zero. 
RPG tip: Run one scene to pull characters into the campaign at the end of your session zero. 
RPG tip: Define clearly what sets your campaign apart to get players excited to play there. 
RPG tip: Give players a choice of their groups primary faction or patron. Use ranked-choice voting to determine the preferred patron. 
RPG tip: Show pictures of important NPCs. 
RPG tip: Build plots and conspiracies through the actions of NPCs. 
RPG tip: Typical scenarios become unique with the lore and details you include. 
RPG tip: Spread around the threat and damage in combat. 
RPG tip: Keep the characters names in front of you. 
RPG tip: Replace NPCs in published settings with those important to the characters or even the characters themselves. 
RPG tip: Drop in magic items that fit the characters.
RPG tip: Write down a quick summary of important events and where the session ended right after the game. 
RPG tip: Keep two or three options in front of the characters. 
RPG tip: Leave blanks. Let your players fill them in with their imaginations.
RPG tip: Describe monsters, don't define monsters. A hulking behemoth covered in rough tattoos wielding an axe the size of a carriage door is far scarier than an ogre.
RPG tip: Sandwich mechanics with fiction.
RPG tip: Write down ten fictional characters you dig. Keep them handy as NPC archetypes. Change appearances and genders to keep them fresh.
RPG tip: Use a mixture of theater of the mind, abstract combat, and tactical combat. Keep all the tools in your toolbox.
RPG tip: Try using backdrop pictures in your VTT instead of grid-aligned battle maps.
RPG tip: Write down the factions of your campaign setting. Roll on this list to flavor items, monuments, encounters, NPCs, quests, or situations.
RPG tip: Show pictures of NPCs. 
RPG tip: Tie loot to the story of the campaign. 
RPG tip: Write down improvised NPC names. 
RPG tip: Note new character features when they level up. 
RPG tip: The smallest dungeon can have one open path and one secret path. 
RPG tip: Roll for a monsters motivation. 
RPG tip: Build handouts to focus both you and your players around the oncoming story. 
RPG tip: Build a resilient group by having six full time players and two on call players. Run with as few as four and it takes five cancellations before you cant run a game. 
RPG tip: Build episodic campaigns like a tv serial so it doesnt matter too much if a particular player cant make it. 
RPG tip: Keep lair-style adventures on hand for side quests and improvised sessions. 
RPG tip: Describe, dont define.
RPG tip: Keep passive perceptions in front of you. Tell players what their characters see. 
RPG tip: Add healing potions to loot hoards generously. 
RPG tip: Tie NPCs the characters saved to more important NPCs so the players can see the benefits of their actions. 
RPG tip: End sessions after the characters have chosen a clear path for the next. 
RPG tip: Prep one scene per 45 minutes of gameplay. 
RPG tip: Build scenes from fantastic locations, interesting NPCs, and intriguing secrets. 
RPG tip: Try to include one battle, one roleplay scene, and some interesting exploration in a session. 
RPG tip: Build secrets from the characters outwards. 
RPG tip: Ask players what their characters dwelling is like. 
RPG tip: Write down where your session ended and any major plot arcs or NPCs the characters met.
RPG tip: End sessions after the characters have chosen a clear path for the next. 
RPG tip: Prep one scene per 45 minutes of gameplay. 
RPG tip: Build scenes from fantastic locations, interesting NPCs, and intriguing secrets. 
RPG tip: Try to include one battle, one roleplay scene, and some interesting exploration in a session. 
RPG tip: Build secrets from the characters outwards. 
RPG tip: Ask players what their characters dwelling is like. 
RPG tip: Write down where your session ended and any major plot arcs or NPCs the characters met.
RPG tip: Know your players tolerance for tales of horror and gore.
RPG tip: Ask yourself what worked well in your last game. What can be improved?
RPG tip: Draw small maps on a dry-erase mat as players explore a dungeon. 
RPG tip: Shake up your ideas with random tables. 
RPG tip: Print and collect your favorite random tables from your most valued sources of such tables. 
RPG tip: Write down notes at the end of the game you know youll need in your next games prep. 
RPG tip: State clearly the goal and reward for the characters exploration.
RPG tip: If players have a name for an NPC different from yours, go with theirs.
RPG tip: Build NPCs from goals and motivations. Get into their heads and react as they would.
RPG tip: Reskin monsters often to make each one unique. A simple skeleton can be a skeletal jailer with a cage over their skulls or a blackfire skeleton that does necrotic damage instead of piercing and slashing.
RPG tip: Assume one scene for every 45 minutes of gameplay.
RPG tip: Take breaks every 90 minutes or so.
RPG tip: Leave time at the beginning and end of your game for chit-chat.
RPG tip: Add environmental effects and options that showcase the characters and their abilities.
RPG tip: Give two or three paths for longer journeys to adventure locations. 
RPG tip: Break up travel with interesting encounters at fantastic locations. 
RPG tip: Add interesting lore to typical random encounters. 
RPG tip: Stage random encounters at notable locations. 
RPG tip: Give the characters the latest news through town or city heralds. 
RPG tip: Let the characters see the long term results of their heroic actions. 
RPG tip: Give the characters a nice coffee shop they enjoy hanging out at between adventures. 
RPG tip: Shake up adventure types across your campaign: dungeon crawls, infiltrations, investigations, intrigue, overland exploration, and so on. 
RPG tip: Include upward beats in your dungeon crawls. 
RPG tip: Plant future adventure seeds in your existing session. Outline three possible adventure options revealed and decided upon before the end of your next session. 
RPG tip: Clarify where rests can take place and where they cant. 
RPG tip: Show pictures of NPCs. 
RPG tip: Give characters a home base or common hangout. Dont constantly threaten it. 
RPG tip: Ask players how much leeway you have to integrate their backgrounds into the campaign. Dont change a players character away from their intent. 
RPG tip: Give enemies a story they can share during combat.
RPG tip: Expose secrets and lore through ghosts, visions, mosaics, carvings, inscriptions, lost tomes, and the characters' own knowledge of history.
RPG tip: Give bosses a finite number of "dark blessings" that let them break the rules but only a couple of times per battle  like super-legendary-resistances.
RPG tip: Let bosses pull their underlings into attacks.
RPG tip: Give bosses abilities to threaten all the characters in a fight.
RPG tip: Run fights with multiple bosses at the same time.
RPG tip: Notify players of upcoming downtime scenes.
RPG tip: Give character-focused options for downtime activities. Warn them before the session begins.
RPG tip: Ask players to talk about what new features they got when they level up.
RPG tip: Mix multiple random encounters together.
RPG tip: Use a table-less oracle die for distance, attitude, morale, weather severity and more. The lower the number, the less extreme.
RPG tip: Draw quick maps on paper or dry-erase boards or mats to help players understand the situation.
RPG tip: Add backgrounds and details to quest-giving NPCs. Names, intentions, etc.
RPG tip: Write down notes during the game where you can keep track of them for your next session's prep  NPC names, where the game ended, and other details to help you prep the next session.
RPG tip: Even if characters chase a red herring, give them something valuable for their effort.
RPG tip: If a character fails the save to fall a great distance, give another character a chance to succeed on a check to catch them before they fall.
RPG tip: Build musical playlists for relaxing, sinister, and combat music.
RPG tip: Let your players know if they're at risk of missing something awesome.
RPG tip: Add one secret tied to each character's story during your prep.
RPG tip: Mix up monster types. Don't fill crypts with nothing but undead.
RPG tip: Jot down three noteworthy features for larger locations. Use one feature for smaller rooms or chambers.
RPG tip: Give the characters and players clear goals and meaningful options in open-ended situation-based adventures. 
RPG tip: Gauge the types of interactions players are interested in while running situation-based adventures.
RPG tip: Work with players to coordinate their activities in larger open situations.
RPG tip: Prep a handful of solid NPCs the characters can meet in social interactions.
RPG tip: Steer players towards the fun even if you have to just tell them where it is.
RPG tip: Write notes during your game. Keep track of what's important to the players.
RPG tip: After your game, evaluate what worked well and what could be improved.
RPG tip: Track magic item rewards per character. Dont let a character fall significantly behind. 
RPG tip: Let random treasure tools inspire your own parcels and rewards. 
RPG tip: Keep character names in front of you. Track turns even outside of combat. 
RPG tip: Keep the lazy encounter benchmark on hand to tell you if a fight is way too difficult or not. A battle may be hard if the total of monster CRs is greater than one quarter of total character levels, or half of total character levels if the characters are 5th level or above. 
RPG tip: Prep handouts and secret villain notes. Use them to keep yourself and your players focused. 
RPG tip: Clarify goals in open situations, heists, or infiltration adventures. 
RPG tip: Give characters a home base. 
RPG tip: Bathe dungeons in layers of lore hidden behind the previous. 
RPG tip: Give characters a customizable home base. 
RPG tip: Write down NPC names of those associated with the characters 
RPG tip: Drop in quick combat encounters in looser exploration and downtime scenes to focus peoples attention. 
RPG tip: What cool magic item reinforces each characters theme?
RPG tip: Think of encounters as situations the characters can navigate instead of purely tactical combat encounters. 
RPG tip: Write your own quick random lists to bring locations to life.
RPG tip: Build layers of gods the characters can discover as they explore the world around them. 
RPG tip: Improvise gods by shifting the names, appearances, genders, and domains of existing gods from fiction or history. 
RPG tip: Study types of historical artwork and decorations to improvise such features in your game. 
RPG tip: Lean in on the characters cool abilities. 
RPG tip: Mix encounters so the characters discover two groups already in battle. 
RPG tip: Mix roleplay, exploration, and combat even in the deepest dungeon. 
RPG tip: Warn players that they might not have everything they need, should they have to backtrack in a dungeon. 
RPG tip: Dont start your game with a huge hard battle. It might wipe out your players energy just as things get started. 
RPG tip: Give characters multiple paths to research problems and discover answers. 
RPG tip: Abstract clues from their location and method of discovery. Improvise their discovery during the game. 
RPG tip: Add meaningful choices to every scene. 
RPG tip: Drop one interesting encounter in the middle of travel. 
RPG tip: Roll and mix two random encounters together. 
RPG tip: Use random encounters to show what passes by before.
RPG tip: Reiterate lines and veils if your game head towards potentially sensitive areas like body horror or sexual intimacy. Peoples feelings may have changed since your session zero. 
RPG tip: Stay in turn order, even outside of combat so you give everyone enough time in the spotlight.
RPG tip: Give players' roles including quartermaster, cartographer, scribe, and caller.
RPG tip: Two key pieces of dungeon-crawling structure: what is the marching order of the characters and who's maintaining light?
RPG tip: Build a faction list unique for your campaign including gods, factions, historical figures, and campaign icons. Roll on this list to flavor items, monuments, and NPCs.
RPG tip: Roll on behalf of characters when their character wouldn't know if they succeeded or not.
RPG tip: Offer multiple paths and decisions as often as you can.
RPG tip: Give seeds of clues even on low ability checks. 
RPG tip: Use static initiative to better time and pace battles. 5 for slow, 10 for medium, and 15 for fast creatures. 
RPG tip: Spread out combatants and clarify the distances if trying to avoid all the baddies getting nuked at once. 
RPG tip: If a spell youre not familiar with sounds too good to be true, it probably is. 
RPG tip: Start your prep with a map of a cool location. Print it out. Jot down two word room descriptions. Put your strong start, secrets, NPCs, monsters, and treasure on the back. 
RPG tip: A single sheet of paper is likely all you need for your prep notes. 
RPG tip: Give monsters one cool trait to make them unique. 
RPG tip: Mix easy encounters with hard encounters. Dont always push PCs to the limit. 
RPG tip: You dont always have to call for an ability check. Sometimes characters just do it. 
RPG tip: Add shortcuts to your dungeons so characters have an easy way to enter and exit big multi-level dungeons. 
RPG tip: Visions or remnant illusions can show  moments of history long forgotten. 
RPG tip: Know your wall decorations: mosaics, frescos, reliefs, friezes, murals, tapestries, engravings, marouflage, encaustic paintings. 
RPG tip: Use waves of combatants to shake up challenging fights. 
RPG tip: Tag improvised monsters with keywords that remind you of unique abilities like life drain or necrotic blast or cunning action or pack tactics or reposte.
RPG tip: Give each improvised monster an interesting trait to define its story in mechanics.
RPG tip: At 7th level, don't expect any single monster to bring a significant challenge unless it has legendary resistance.
RPG tip: Prepare one major scene for every 45 minutes of gameplay.
RPG tip: Show characters the breadth of cultures from the humanoid creatures they meet.
RPG tip: Keep a list of names of previous NPCs you can quickly reference when an old NPC comes back into the spotlight.
RPG tip: Let players level up characters together and discuss the new abilities they're considering.
RPG tip: Build historical layers to your dungeons. What is it now? What did it used to be? And what before that?
RPG tip: Keep character name names in front of you. Track turn order outside of combat to ensure players get their time in the spotlight. 
RPG tip: Listen to audiobooks. Study the way the narrator changes voices to represent different characters.
RPG tip: Break combat encounter locations into several zones. Give each zone an identifying monument or feature.
RPG tip: Two simple words can increase the challenge of any comment encounter: more monsters.
RPG tip: Ask for a marching order and a lighting situation anytime the characters delve into dungeons deep. 
RPG tip: Roll twice on random encounter tables and combine the results to build a unique situation. 
RPG tip: Roll two random encounters to show an encounter that took place before the characters arrived. This gives them an interesting investigation along their journey.
RPG tip: Avoid damned-if-you-do, damned-if-you-don't choices too often. Offer choices with a clear gain.
RPG tip: Limit source material to focus a campaign and make it unique among all others.
RPG tip: Check in with players every few sessions to make sure it's headed the way everyone enjoys.
RPG tip: Keep track of magic items distributed to which characters. Better yet, ask a player to quartermaster and post the distribution.
RPG tip: Build characters from the story and situation first. Then measure against potentially deadly benchmarks.
RPG tip: Index cards and a Pathfinder Basic Flip Mat are hard tools to beat for improvising your game.
RPG tip: The d20 is a swingy die. Don't expect it to behave the way you want. Plan for and enjoy its high randomness.
RPG tip: Make sure players are good with the controversial choices of the characters. 
RPG tip: Avoid betraying NPCs. Use shady NPCs with valuable information instead. 
RPG tip: Jot down the Lazy Encounter Benchmark during prep. Improv combat encounters during the game based on the unfolding situation. 
RPG tip: Imagine your game as a pool table with characters and NPCs like the balls. Who knows where theyre going to end up until you hit them with your cue. 
RPG tip: Keep a good list of NPCs in your session notes. Update it every session. 
RPG tip: Print out maps, annotate one or two word descriptions on the rooms. 
RPG tip: Take turns during downtime. Make sure everyone gets a chance to say what their character does.
RPG tip: Aim for four players. 
RPG tip: Get into the head of your NPCs. What do they want? What do they fear? What do they have to offer?
RPG tip: Choose monsters based on the situation even if theyre really easy.
RPG tip: Keep track of the magic items each character has. Review it when planning treasure in future adventures. 
RPG tip: Keep a treasure parcel in your prep notes. Reward it, or pieces of it, when it makes sense. 
RPG tip: Require exotic material rewards for crafting particular magic items. Now the exotic material becomes the reward. 
RPG tip: Prepare for single big monsters to be banished or otherwise completely incapacitated when the characters reach 7th level or above. 
RPG tip: Use static initiative of 10 + dex for monsters so some players go before them and some go after. 
RPG tip: Use little adhesive tabs to bookmark monsters in your monster books. Theres no need to copy them elsewhere. 
RPG tip: Staedler wet erase markers work very well on the Pathfinder basic flip mat. 
RPG tip: Draw small maps so players can see what theyve explored so far. 
RPG tip: Use a mixture of random treasure and magic items selected for particular characters. Prep treasure parcels ahead of time. 
RPG tip: Plan a strong start. What happens at the very beginning of your next session to draw players into the game?
RPG tip: Prep what you need to help you improvise during your next session. 
RPG tip: Set up locations and inhabitants separately. Let inhabitants move around depending on what happens. 
RPG tip: Let the actions of the characters drive the story  not your initial big idea. 
RPG tip: Go with the rule of cool. If it sounds cool, work to help it happen 
RPG tip: Start with what makes sense in the world. Adjust towards whats the most fun in the game. 
RPG tip: Write down NPC names. 
RPG tip: Write down where your session ended. 
RPG tip: Think about each character during prep. What do they want? What story hooks do they have? What monsters do they like fighting? What magic items do they look forward to?
RPG tip: Use your current favorite TV show as a collection of NPC archetypes. 
RPG tip: Use Staedtler medium point wet erase markers on your Pathfinder basic flip mat. 
RPG tip: Keep generic monster tokens on hand for improvised combat encounters. 
RPG tip: Index cards are one of the most flexible and useful tools in TTRPGs. 
RPG tip: Keep a list of the characters in front of you throughout your game. 
RPG tip: Add a touch of variance to static monster damage by subtracting 3 and adding 1d6. 
RPG tip: Use 10 + dex for static monster initiative. This way some players go before them and some go after.
RPG tip: Include one or two social encounters in your list of potential dungeon encounters. 
RPG tip: Run multiple bosses. 
RPG tip: Avoid NPC betrayal. Make NPC motivations clear. 
RPG tip: Customize every magic weapon or suit of armor. Add stories, themes, and single-use spell effects. 
RPG tip: Include and reveal secret passages. 
RPG tip: When running a session focused on a single character highlight others as well. 
RPG tip: Break character and talk to your players about potential game-changing secret character decisions.
RPG tip: Characters are the only sources of secrets you can guarantee.
RPG tip: Let players know when boss monsters have legendary resistance or other ability breaking effects so they can make informed choices. 
RPG tip: Replace legendary resistances with dreadful blessings that let powerful boss monsters break effects that ruin their place in the fiction. 
RPG tip: Discovering traps is the fun part, not triggering them. 
RPG tip: Get to decisions and actions quickly. Avoid long narratives. 
RPG tip: Have players make choices for their next course before the end of your current session. 
RPG tip: Avoid one-shotting characters to zero HP. Spread dangerous damage around.
RPG tip: Ensure loot distribution is fair so players dont feel left out. 
RPG tip: Keep track of spells as rewards to wizards. 
RPG tip: Offer two or three paths when traveling through the wilds or into the depths of the earth. 
RPG tip: Ask the characters where their minds and conversations go as they rest around a campfire. 
RPG tip: Keep good lists of random encounters handy during prep and play. 
RPG tip: Ask for marching orders and whos carrying a light during exploration. 
RPG tip: Review character items, notable features, backgrounds, previous campfire tales, and player desires when you start your prep. 
RPG tip: You dont need to spell out every detail in a room. Let your players imaginations fill in the blanks. 
RPG tip: Huge wheels, running water, and heat can power ancient machines for millennia. 
RPG tip: Use adhesive tabs to mark important pages in your GM books you use at the table. 
RPG tip: Theres no such thing as official. No single company holds a monopoly on good game design. Build your own game for your table from many sources. 
RPG tip: Get used to averaging damage  for every two dice you subtract from a big pool of dice, add the max of one of those dice plus one to the static value. 8d8 becomes 36. 
RPG tip: Add variance to static damage by subtracting 3 and adding 1d6. 
RPG tip: Keep a good list of random names on hand. Write them down when you tie them to an NPC. This is one of the simplest examples of preparing to improvise.
RPG tip: Keep your prep, your tools, and your game simple. Let it get complicated as the story evolves with your players. 
RPG tip: List and refine your most useful tools for prep and play. 
RPG tip: Ask for out of game feedback every few games. What do people like? What do they want to see more of?
RPG tip: Trouble sleeping? Put yourself in your games world. What do you see? How is the world evolving?
RPG tip: Who are your three main antagonists? What do they want? What three steps are they taking to get there?
RPG tip: Draw mini-maps to show the characters progression through a dungeon. 
RPG tip: Use a small fishing tackle box to hold minis, tokens, coins, markers, sticky tack, index cards, and other small things you use during your game.
RPG tip: Break up long sequences of narration with clear opportunities for player-driven decisions. 
RPG tip: Call for checks to keep things moving. 
RPG tip: Let characters break out of debilitating effects by taking damage. 
RPG tip: Know the purpose of an NPCs appearance. Why are they in the scene?
RPG tip: Review your prep notes right before your game. 
RPG tip: Break up a long series of roleplay scenes with exploration or combat.
RPG tip: Offer multiple vertical connections between the levels of a big dungeon  sinkholes, collapsed floors, waterfalls, and, of course, staircases.
RPG tip: Choose monsters that fit the story and environment. Wrap them in historical lore.
RPG tip: Swarm characters with lots of one-  or two-hit low CR monsters. Let players enjoy their big area blasts.
RPG tip: Include big brutes in battles who are intended to be banished or controlled.
RPG tip: Give magic weapons or suit of armor a cool name, theme, history, and daily-use spell effect.
RPG tip: Let mechanists and artificers understand how magical artifacts and arcane machines operate.
RPG tip: Roll on behalf of characters attempting to detect traps so they don't know if they failed or if there was never a trap to begin with.
RPG tip: Include several ways for characters to traverse a dungeon vertical chutes, deep cracks, collapsed elevators, and so on.
RPG tip: Give players a way to hack the dungeon. Secret passages, puzzle bypasses, ways to get the jump on bad guys.
RPG tip: Set up a goal and a situation and let the story unfold during the game. 
RPG tip: Avoid a series of hard combat encounters all in a row. 
RPG tip: Improvise combat encounters by what makes sense in the story and then what is the most fun for the game.
RPG tip: Tell the story of a location through the discoveries in each chamber. 
RPG tip: Layer histories in your dungeons. What was it before? What is it now?
RPG tip: Modify dungeons as you play should they overstay their welcome. Cut off hallways. Collapse chambers. Move things around. 
RPG tip: Call on individual characters during online games. 
RPG tip: Clarify options and ask for decisions from each player. 
RPG tip: Assign a caller who gets consensus from the group. 
RPG tip: Assign roles to players including scribe (game notes), cartographer (mapping), quartermaster (loot tracking), and caller (choice consensus). 
RPG tip: Ensure each scene has choices and options for the characters approach. 
RPG tip: Have characters describe their new features to the group on leveling up. 
RPG tip: Keep narrative descriptions brief and focus quickly on the options in front of the characters.  
RPG tip: Puzzles and riddles are like tapping out songs with your finger. Theyre totally obvious to you and no one else has any idea what youre talking about.
RPG tip: Have at least two ways to get past a puzzle.
RPG tip: How did the creator of a puzzle door use it themselves? Why did they lock their door with a Sudoku?
RPG tip: Let players roll all their dice even if you know its a fatal blow. Dont take away their fun with the math rocks. 
RPG tip: If you love them and they do 52 damage, tell them the monster had only 51 hit points left. If you dont love them, tell them their foe only had four. 
RPG tip: Let players use character shenanigans during skill challenges. Dont force them to just make ability checks the whole time.
RPG tip: Add beneficial and detrimental environmental effects to get characters moving around the battlefield.
RPG tip: When it works for pacing, have minions flee or die when their bosses drop. 
RPG tip: Let some bosses suck the life out of minions for temporary hit points. 
RPG tip: Show players how many legendary resistances or doom points a villain has so they can see their progress at eliminating them. 
RPG tip: Give yourself a good 60 to 90 minutes to run a big boss fight.  
RPG tip: Add interactive terrain and monuments to big boss battles. 
RPG tip: Add 25% more HP to a boss for each extra character above four.
RPG tip: Add roleplay or exploration scenes before a big boss fight where the characters can reduce the forces they have to fight. 
RPG tip: Ensure characters have meaningful choices in every scene. 
RPG tip: Build scenes from locations, inhabitants, and situations. 
RPG tip: Be prepared for the characters to negotiate with even the worst villains. 
RPG tip: Assign a quartermaster to keep track of all loot and who received it. Have them share a spreadsheet. 
RPG tip: Give players additional roles like cartographer (mapper), quartermaster (loot tracker), scribe (note-taker), and caller (arbiter of choices). 
RPG tip: Be ready for characters to bypass combat encounters through subterfuge or negotiation. 
RPG tip: Use random tables during prep and play to shake up ideas and come up with unique situations. 
RPG tip: Dont be afraid to have out of game conversations about in-game character dynamics and relationships. 
RPG tip: Let players retreat from battles gone wrong, escaping with any downed characters but with a potential story loss. 
RPG tip: Run easy fights. 
RPG tip: Use tools that help you improvise during the game. 
RPG tip: Build battles first from what makes sense in the situation. Tune them for the fun of the game. 
RPG tip: Have the outcome of a TPK in mind when running hard battles. Where does the story go if the characters all drop?
RPG tip: Write a list of ten to twenty factions you can roll on to flavor items, monuments, and encounters. 
RPG tip: Increase combat difficulty by adding more monsters. 
RPG tip: Speed up combat by increasing damage and lowering hit points. 
RPG tip: Let boss monsters spread damage to minions or suck out their souls for temporary hit points. 
RPG tip: Expect and prepare for characters to focus on the boss in any boss encounter. 
RPG tip: Limit long rests when needed through nightmares, premonitions, and unholy auras. You will find monster until
RPG tip: Build dynamic dungeons where multiple factions battle each other while the characters explore it. Let them hear the chaos and witness the aftermath in other chambers. 
RPG tip: Flavor chambers with murals, frescoes, and bas reliefs revealing secrets and clues. 
RPG tip: Can only a handful of players make your game? Run a one-shot game for a new system youve always wanted to try. 
RPG tip: Beyond challenge rating, pay careful attention to the damage monsters put out, especially at first level. 
RPG tip: Have six regular players and one or two on call players willing to jump in when theres a seat free. Play with as few as three or four. 
RPG tip: Run games weekly at the same time every week and play with whoever can make it. 
RPG tip: Draw small dungeon maps on a Chessex or Paizo battle map as the players explore it. 
RPG tip: Small fishing tackle boxes are a great way to store pencils, index cards, miniatures, tokens, and the other odds and ends you need to run a great game. 
RPG tip: Run online games with a stack of independent pieces of software and physical books so youre not dependent on a single online platform that can go down or change in ways you dont like. 
RPG tip: Try to ensure a single character doesnt get pinned down and is unable to act in combat.
RPG tip: Roll randomly for monster attacks when no path is clear. Also act towards the most fun for the group. 
RPG tip: Avoid picking on any single character in combat unless theyre really asking for it. 
RPG tip: Plan three options for the characters next quest. Offer them and get consensus on a single path before the end of your session. 
RPG tip: Always aim towards character decisions and actions. What can they do?
RPG tip: Write down one way to connect each character into the next session. 
RPG tip: Focus adventures on goals, locations, and inhabitants. Make them direct, focused, and practical. 
RPG tip: Keep basic monster stats on hand to improvise monsters during your game. 
RPG tip: Simple 5e monster stats: AC / DC = 12 + 1/2 CR, HP = 15 to 20 per CR, Attack + Primary Save = 4 + 1/2 CR, Damage Per Round = 7 x CR. 
RPG tip: During prep write down the Lazy Encounter Benchmark (https://slyflourish.com/the_lazy_encounter_benchmark.html) for a potentially deadly encounter and the max CR for any single monster. 
RPG tip: Mix up easy combat encounters, roleplay scenes, exploration, and hard encounters. 
RPG tip: When time is tight, cut from the boring middle instead of the exciting conclusion. 
RPG tip: Bathe dungeons in multiple layers of history and purpose. 
RPG tip: Know your wall decorations: murals, mosaics, frescoes, bas-reliefs, friezes, wax paintings, gilded engravings, and marouflage. 
RPG tip: Tailor magic items for your characters. 
RPG tip: Boss monsters almost always need some minions. 
RPG tip: Assign hit points to detrimental monuments in complicated battles so they can destroyed with either ability checks or raw damage. Each successful ability check inflicts damage to the monument.  
RPG tip: Keep the simple DC ladder in mind: easy 10, medium 15, hard 20. 
RPG tip: Offer multiple options for the conclusion of big battles. Do they re-bind the pit friend? Do they kill him and send him back to hell? Do they convert the hellfire into a radiant pillar of holy light?
RPG tip: Dont offer options you dont want the players to choose. 
RPG tip: Plan one scene for every 45 minutes of gameplay.
RPG tip: Keep a handle on combat pacing. Dont just run one hard fight after another. 
RPG tip: Have the characters walk in on the tail end of a battle between two other competing foes. 
RPG tip: Give characters an opportunity for a long rest or an equivalent magical restoration service like a healing fountain. 
RPG tip: Include multiple possible solutions to hard problems. 
RPG tip: Keep a general gauge of hit points to damage in mind. Roughly how many hit points do the characters have? For 5e its roughly 7 x level + 3. 
RPG tip: Include NPCs to roleplay with even in the darkest dungeons. 
RPG tip: Offer multiple paths and secret paths to navigate complex dungeons. Offer enough details so players can make informed choices. RPG tip: Throw two or three different monster types at the characters for big battles. 
RPG tip: Clarify how the characters can interact with objects in battle. 
RPG tip: Let your players know when theyre about to jump into a big two hour fight. 
RPG tip: Roll randomly to see which factions got the better of the others. 
RPG tip: Prep three future quest paths. Have players choose before the end of a session so you know what to prep next. 
RPG tip: Give the characters a chance to see old NPCs and what theyre up to now. 
RPG tip: Keep an NPC list handy of the current and previous NPCs in your campaign.
RPG tip: Drop in relaxed sessions where the characters can catch up with old NPCs, happens some time shopping, and maybe have a dinner party in their villa. 
RPG tip: Join two encounters together and let the characters navigate the conflicted sides. 
RPG tip: Roll randomly for three magic items for sale in larger towns. 
RPG tip: Use baseline costs for magic items but change them up or down based on each items actual utility. 
RPG tip: Give meaty battles a good hour of allocated time. 
RPG tip: Always keep an eye on the clock. Manage your session's time. 
RPG tip: Let campaigns grow from each adventure and the choices the players make in between. RPG tip: Corrupted versions of good-aligned monsters are a good way to use those monsters the characters might otherwise never fight. 
RPG tip: On defeat, corrupted good-aligned monsters can reappear as friendly ghosts or become resurrected back to their friendly form. 
RPG tip: Roll random loot and add in or modify results to fit the characters. 
RPG tip: Add daily use spells to magical armor instead of plus bonuses to keep ACs reasonable but still provide cool effects. 
RPG tip: Check the damage output of published 5e monsters. 7 damage per CR is a good general benchmark. 
RPG tip: Reintroduce old friends. Let the characters see what became of the lives theyve touched. 
RPG tip: Small three-room dungeons are a fun way to spend an evening. Every dungeon need not be a sprawling megaplex. 
RPG tip: Track damage done to monsters with Xs and slashes (\\). Each slash is five damage. Cross the slash into an X is ten damage. Keep a tally of extra damage separate.
RPG tip: Introduce one character-focused location in any new town the characters visit.
RPG tip: Offer a handful of options for downtime scenes.
RPG tip: Tie the game's story and narrative to information the characters know or learn.
RPG tip: Add high ground areas and cover for some tactical crunch in combat encounters.
RPG tip: Build scenes during travel around monuments or other interesting backdrops.
RPG tip: Add an extra mage if you have a character who loves to counterspell.
RPG tip: Drop one interesting terrain feature to each big combat encounter. 
RPG tip: Assign the role of caller to arbitrate group choices. Ensure they listen to other players and remain even-handed. 
RPG tip: Let players engage in crazy ideas. Dont punish them for it. 
RPG tip: Avoid running too many hard battles. Give the characters a break. 
RPG tip: End on cliffhangers.
RPG tip: Strip your tools and prep down to the essentials. 
RPG tip: Your prep notes serve you, no one else. 
RPG tip: Keep a list of monsters in your prep notes the characters might encounter in your next session. Write down their page numbers.
RPG tip: Spend time understanding the relationship between monster power and character power so you can better improvise combat encounters during the game.
RPG tip: Ask players to let you know when they feel like they earned enough in-world knowledge to level up their characters.
RPG tip: Mix easier encounters with hard encounters. Not every encounter needs to be a knock-down drag-out fight.
RPG tip: Let players know what skills are likely more relevant for a given campaign.
RPG tip: Ask players how their character learned of the information they received on a good ability check.
RPG tip: Show characters the layers of history in the dungeon they explore.
RPG tip: Keep the pace moving when a session tends to avoid combat. Move from scene to scene quickly to keep people engaged. 
RPG tip: Set the stage, offer options. 
RPG tip: Note dissenters to popular decisions, ensure theyre ok going forward anyway. 
RPG tip: Give the characters the comfort of home every few sessions. 